source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-iot-lambda-dynamodb/README.md, before:

# aws-iot-lambda-dynamodb module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![Stability: Experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Experimental-important.svg?style=for-the-badge)

> All classes are under active development and subject to non-backward compatible changes or removal in any
> future version. These are not subject to the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) model.
> This means that while you may use them, you may need to update your source code when upgrading to a newer version of this package.

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_iot_lambda_dynamodb`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-iot-lambda-dynamodb`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.iotlambdadynamodb`|

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an AWS IoT topic rule, an AWS Lambda function and Amazon DynamoDB table with the least privileged permissions.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition in Typescript:

``` javascript
const { IotToLambdaToDynamoDBProps,  IotToLambdaToDynamoDB } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-iot-lambda-dynamodb';

const props: IotToLambdaToDynamoDBProps = {
    lambdaFunctionProps: {
        code: lambda.Code.fromAsset(`${__dirname}/lambda`),
        runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_14_X,
        handler: 'index.handler'
    },
    iotTopicRuleProps: {
        topicRulePayload: {
            ruleDisabled: false,
            description: "Processing of DTC messages from the AWS Connected Vehicle Solution.",
            sql: "SELECT * FROM 'connectedcar/dtc/#'",
            actions: []
        }
    }
};

new IotToLambdaToDynamoDB(this, 'test-iot-lambda-dynamodb-stack', props);

```

## Initializer

``` text
new IotToLambdaToDynamoDB(scope: Construct, id: string, props: IotToLambdaToDynamoDBProps);
```

_Parameters_

* scope [`Construct`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_core.Construct.html)
* id `string`
* props [`IotToLambdaToDynamoDBProps`](#pattern-construct-props)

## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|existingLambdaObj?|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|Existing instance of Lambda Function object, providing both this and `lambdaFunctionProps` will cause an error.|
|lambdaFunctionProps?|[`lambda.FunctionProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.FunctionProps.html)|User provided props to override the default props for the Lambda function.|
|iotTopicRuleProps|[`iot.CfnTopicRuleProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-iot.CfnTopicRuleProps.html)|User provided props to override the default props|
|dynamoTableProps?|[`dynamodb.TableProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-dynamodb.TableProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for DynamoDB Table|
|tablePermissions?|`string`|Optional table permissions to grant to the Lambda function. One of the following may be specified: `All`, `Read`, `ReadWrite`, `Write`.|

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|iotTopicRule|[`iot.CfnTopicRule`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-iot.CfnTopicRule.html)|Returns an instance of iot.CfnTopicRule created by the construct|
|lambdaFunction|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|Returns an instance of lambda.Function created by the construct|
|dynamoTable|[`dynamodb.Table`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-dynamodb.Table.html)|Returns an instance of dynamodb.Table created by the construct|

## Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

### Amazon IoT Rule
* Configure least privilege access IAM role for Amazon IoT

### AWS Lambda Function
* Configure limited privilege access IAM role for Lambda function
* Enable reusing connections with Keep-Alive for NodeJs Lambda function
* Enable X-Ray Tracing
* Set Environment Variables
  * AWS_NODEJS_CONNECTION_REUSE_ENABLED (for Node 10.x and higher functions)

### Amazon DynamoDB Table
* Set the billing mode for DynamoDB Table to On-Demand (Pay per request)
* Enable server-side encryption for DynamoDB Table using AWS managed KMS Key
* Creates a partition key called 'id' for DynamoDB Table
* Retain the Table when deleting the CloudFormation stack
* Enable continuous backups and point-in-time recovery

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright 2021 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

added python min deployment and removed initializers

source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-iot-lambda-dynamodb/README.md, after:

# aws-iot-lambda-dynamodb module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![Stability: Experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Experimental-important.svg?style=for-the-badge)

> All classes are under active development and subject to non-backward compatible changes or removal in any
> future version. These are not subject to the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) model.
> This means that while you may use them, you may need to update your source code when upgrading to a newer version of this package.

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_iot_lambda_dynamodb`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-iot-lambda-dynamodb`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.iotlambdadynamodb`|

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an AWS IoT topic rule, an AWS Lambda function and Amazon DynamoDB table with the least privileged permissions.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

Typescript
``` javascript
import { IotToLambdaToDynamoDBProps, IotToLambdaToDynamoDB } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-iot-lambda-dynamodb';
import * as lambda from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-lambda';

const props: IotToLambdaToDynamoDBProps = {
    lambdaFunctionProps: {
        code: lambda.Code.fromAsset(`${__dirname}/lambda`),
        runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_14_X,
        handler: 'index.handler'
    },
    iotTopicRuleProps: {
        topicRulePayload: {
            ruleDisabled: false,
            description: "Processing of DTC messages from the AWS Connected Vehicle Solution.",
            sql: "SELECT * FROM 'connectedcar/dtc/#'",
            actions: []
        }
    }
};

new IotToLambdaToDynamoDB(this, 'test-iot-lambda-dynamodb-stack', props);
```

Python
``` python
from aws_solutions_constructs.aws_iot_dynamodb import IotToDynamoDBProps, IotToDynamoDB
from aws_cdk import (
    aws_iot as iot,
    aws_lambda as _lambda
)
props = IotToDynamoDBProps(
    lambda_function_props=_lambda.FunctionProps(
        code=_lambda.Code.from_asset('lambda'),
        runtime=_lambda.Runtime.PYTHON_3_9,
        handler='index.handler'
    ),
    iot_topic_rule_props=iot.CfnTopicRuleProps(
        topic_rule_payload=iot.CfnTopicRule.TopicRulePayloadProperty(
            rule_disabled=False,
            description="Processing of DTC messages from the AWS Connected Vehicle Solution.",
            sql="SELECT * FROM 'connectedcar/dtc/#'",
            actions=[]
        )
    )
)

IotToDynamoDB(self, 'test_iot_lambda', props)

```

## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|existingLambdaObj?|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|Existing instance of Lambda Function object, providing both this and `lambdaFunctionProps` will cause an error.|
|lambdaFunctionProps?|[`lambda.FunctionProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.FunctionProps.html)|User provided props to override the default props for the Lambda function.|
|iotTopicRuleProps|[`iot.CfnTopicRuleProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-iot.CfnTopicRuleProps.html)|User provided props to override the default props|
|dynamoTableProps?|[`dynamodb.TableProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-dynamodb.TableProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for DynamoDB Table|
|tablePermissions?|`string`|Optional table permissions to grant to the Lambda function. One of the following may be specified: `All`, `Read`, `ReadWrite`, `Write`.|

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|iotTopicRule|[`iot.CfnTopicRule`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-iot.CfnTopicRule.html)|Returns an instance of iot.CfnTopicRule created by the construct|
|lambdaFunction|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|Returns an instance of lambda.Function created by the construct|
|dynamoTable|[`dynamodb.Table`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-dynamodb.Table.html)|Returns an instance of dynamodb.Table created by the construct|

## Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

### Amazon IoT Rule
* Configure least privilege access IAM role for Amazon IoT

### AWS Lambda Function
* Configure limited privilege access IAM role for Lambda function
* Enable reusing connections with Keep-Alive for NodeJs Lambda function
* Enable X-Ray Tracing
* Set Environment Variables
  * AWS_NODEJS_CONNECTION_REUSE_ENABLED (for Node 10.x and higher functions)

### Amazon DynamoDB Table
* Set the billing mode for DynamoDB Table to On-Demand (Pay per request)
* Enable server-side encryption for DynamoDB Table using AWS managed KMS Key
* Creates a partition key called 'id' for DynamoDB Table
* Retain the Table when deleting the CloudFormation stack
* Enable continuous backups and point-in-time recovery

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright 2021 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
