source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-events-rule-step-function/README.md, before:

# aws-events-rule-step-function module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![Stability: Experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Experimental-important.svg?style=for-the-badge)

> All classes are under active development and subject to non-backward compatible changes or removal in any
> future version. These are not subject to the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) model.
> This means that while you may use them, you may need to update your source code when upgrading to a newer version of this package.

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_events_rule_step_function`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-events-rule-step-function`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.eventsrulestepfunction`|

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an AWS Events rule and an AWS Step function.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition in Typescript:

``` javascript
const { EventsRuleToStepFunction, EventsRuleToStepFunctionProps } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-events-rule-step-function';

const startState = new stepfunctions.Pass(this, 'StartState');

const props: EventsRuleToStepFunctionProps = {
    stateMachineProps: {
      definition: startState
    },
    eventRuleProps: {
      schedule: events.Schedule.rate(Duration.minutes(5))
    }
};

new EventsRuleToStepFunction(stack, 'test-events-rule-step-function-stack', props);
```

## Initializer

``` text
new EventsRuleToStepFunction(scope: Construct, id: string, props: EventsRuleToStepFunctionProps);
```

_Parameters_

* scope [`Construct`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_core.Construct.html)
* id `string`
* props [`EventsRuleToStepFunctionProps`](#pattern-construct-props)

## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|stateMachineProps|[`sfn.StateMachineProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-stepfunctions.StateMachineProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for sfn.StateMachine|
|eventRuleProps|[`events.RuleProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.RuleProps.html)|User provided eventRuleProps to override the defaults|
|createCloudWatchAlarms|`boolean`|Whether to create recommended CloudWatch alarms|
|logGroupProps?|[`logs.LogGroupProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-logs.LogGroupProps.html)|User provided props to override the default props for for the CloudWatchLogs LogGroup.|

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|eventsRule|[`events.Rule`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.Rule.html)|Returns an instance of events.Rule created by the construct|
|stateMachine|[`sfn.StateMachine`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-stepfunctions.StateMachine.html)|Returns an instance of sfn.StateMachine created by the construct|
|stateMachineLogGroup|[`logs.ILogGroup`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-logs.ILogGroup.html)|Returns an instance of the ILogGroup created by the construct for StateMachine|
|cloudwatchAlarms?|[`cloudwatch.Alarm[]`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-cloudwatch.Alarm.html)|Returns a list of cloudwatch.Alarm created by the construct|

## Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

### Amazon CloudWatch Events Rule
* Grant least privilege permissions to CloudWatch Events to trigger the Lambda Function

### AWS Step Function
* Enable CloudWatch logging for API Gateway
* Deploy best practices CloudWatch Alarms for the Step Function

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright 2021 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

Updated events-rule-step-function construct to wrapper class of eventbridge-stepfunctions

source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-events-rule-step-function/README.md, after:

# aws-events-rule-step-function module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![Stability: Deprecated](https://img.shields.io/badge/STABILITY-DEPRECATED-red?style=for-the-badge)

> Some of our early constructs don’t meet the naming standards that evolved for the library. We are releasing completely feature compatible versions with corrected names. The underlying implementation code is the same regardless of whether you deploy the construct using the old or new name. We will support both names for all 1.x releases, but in 2.x we will only publish the correctly named constructs.

> All classes are under active development and subject to non-backward compatible changes or removal in any
> future version. These are not subject to the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) model.
> This means that while you may use them, you may need to update your source code when upgrading to a newer version of this package.

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_events_rule_step_function`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-events-rule-step-function`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.eventsrulestepfunction`|

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an AWS Events rule and an AWS Step function.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition in Typescript:

``` javascript
const { EventsRuleToStepFunction, EventsRuleToStepFunctionProps } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-events-rule-step-function';

const startState = new stepfunctions.Pass(this, 'StartState');

const props: EventsRuleToStepFunctionProps = {
    stateMachineProps: {
      definition: startState
    },
    eventRuleProps: {
      schedule: events.Schedule.rate(Duration.minutes(5))
    }
};

new EventsRuleToStepFunction(stack, 'test-events-rule-step-function-stack', props);
```

## Initializer

``` text
new EventsRuleToStepFunction(scope: Construct, id: string, props: EventsRuleToStepFunctionProps);
```

_Parameters_

* scope [`Construct`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_core.Construct.html)
* id `string`
* props [`EventsRuleToStepFunctionProps`](#pattern-construct-props)

## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|stateMachineProps|[`sfn.StateMachineProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-stepfunctions.StateMachineProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for sfn.StateMachine|
|eventRuleProps|[`events.RuleProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.RuleProps.html)|User provided eventRuleProps to override the defaults|
|createCloudWatchAlarms|`boolean`|Whether to create recommended CloudWatch alarms|
|logGroupProps?|[`logs.LogGroupProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-logs.LogGroupProps.html)|User provided props to override the default props for for the CloudWatchLogs LogGroup.|

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|eventsRule|[`events.Rule`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.Rule.html)|Returns an instance of events.Rule created by the construct|
|stateMachine|[`sfn.StateMachine`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-stepfunctions.StateMachine.html)|Returns an instance of sfn.StateMachine created by the construct|
|stateMachineLogGroup|[`logs.ILogGroup`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-logs.ILogGroup.html)|Returns an instance of the ILogGroup created by the construct for StateMachine|
|cloudwatchAlarms?|[`cloudwatch.Alarm[]`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-cloudwatch.Alarm.html)|Returns a list of cloudwatch.Alarm created by the construct|

## Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

### Amazon CloudWatch Events Rule
* Grant least privilege permissions to CloudWatch Events to trigger the Lambda Function

### AWS Step Function
* Enable CloudWatch logging for API Gateway
* Deploy best practices CloudWatch Alarms for the Step Function

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright 2021 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
