source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-eventbridge-kinesisfirehose-s3/README.md, before:

# aws-eventbridge-kinesisfirehose-s3 module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![Stability: Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/cfn--resources-stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge)

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_eventbridge_kinesisfirehose_s3`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-eventbridge-kinesisfirehose-s3`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.eventbridgekinesisfirehoses3`|

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an Amazon EventBridge Rule to send data to an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream connected to an Amazon S3 bucket.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition in Typescript:

``` javascript
import * as cdk from '@aws-cdk/core';
import { EventbridgeToKinesisFirehoseToS3, EventbridgeToKinesisFirehoseToS3Props } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-eventbridge-kinesisfirehose-s3';

const EventbridgeToKinesisFirehoseToS3Props: EventbridgeToKinesisFirehoseToS3Props = {
  eventRuleProps: {
  schedule: events.Schedule.rate(cdk.Duration.minutes(5))
  }
};

new EventbridgeToKinesisFirehoseToS3(this, 'test-eventbridge-firehose-s3', EventbridgeToKinesisFirehoseToS3Props);

```

## Initializer

``` text
new EventbridgeToKinesisFirehoseToS3(scope: Construct, id: string, props: EventbridgeToKinesisFirehoseToS3Props);
```

_Parameters_

* scope [`Construct`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_core.Construct.html)
* id `string`
* props [`EventbridgeToKinesisFirehoseToS3Props`](#pattern-construct-props)

## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|existingEventBusInterface?|[`events.IEventBus`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.IEventBus.html)| Optional user-provided custom EventBus for construct to use. Providing both this and `eventBusProps` results an error.|
|eventBusProps?|[`events.EventBusProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.EventBusProps.html)|Optional user-provided properties to override the default properties when creating a custom EventBus. Setting this value to `{}` will create a custom EventBus using all default properties. If neither this nor `existingEventBusInterface` is provided the construct will use the `default` EventBus. Providing both this and `existingEventBusInterface` results an error.|
|eventRuleProps|[`events.RuleProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.RuleProps.html)|User provided eventRuleProps to override the defaults.|
|kinesisFirehoseProps?|[`kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStreamProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStreamProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for Kinesis Firehose Delivery Stream|
|existingBucketObj?|[`s3.IBucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.IBucket.html)|Existing instance of S3 Bucket object. If this is provided, then also providing bucketProps is an error. |
|bucketProps?|[`s3.BucketProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.BucketProps.html)|User provided props to override the default props for the S3 Bucket.|
|logGroupProps?|[`logs.LogGroupProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-logs.LogGroupProps.html)|User provided props to override the default props for for the CloudWatchLogs LogGroup.|

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|eventBus?|[`events.IEventBus`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.IEventBus.html)|Returns the instance of events.IEventBus used by the construct|
|eventsRule|[`events.Rule`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.Rule.html)|Returns an instance of events.Rule created by the construct.|
|kinesisFirehose|[`kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStream`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStream.html)|Returns an instance of kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStream created by the construct|
|s3Bucket?|[`s3.Bucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.Bucket.html)|Returns an instance of s3.Bucket created by the construct|
|s3LoggingBucket?|[`s3.Bucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.Bucket.html)|Returns an instance of s3.Bucket created by the construct as the logging bucket for the primary bucket.|
|eventsRole|[`iam.Role`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-iam.Role.html)|Returns an instance of the iam.Role created by the construct for Events Rule|
|kinesisFirehoseRole|[`iam.Role`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-iam.Role.html)|Returns an instance of the iam.Role created by the construct for Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream|
|kinesisFirehoseLogGroup|[`logs.LogGroup`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-logs.LogGroup.html)|Returns an instance of the LogGroup created by the construct for Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream|

## Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

### Amazon EventBridge Rule
* Configure least privilege access IAM role for Amazon EventBridge Rule to publish to the Kinesis Firehose Delivery Stream.

### Amazon Kinesis Firehose
* Enable CloudWatch logging for Kinesis Firehose
* Configure least privilege access IAM role for Amazon Kinesis Firehose

### Amazon S3 Bucket
* Configure Access logging for S3 Bucket
* Enable server-side encryption for S3 Bucket using AWS managed KMS Key
* Turn on the versioning for S3 Bucket
* Don't allow public access for S3 Bucket
* Retain the S3 Bucket when deleting the CloudFormation stack
* Applies Lifecycle rule to move noncurrent object versions to Glacier storage after 90 days

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright 2021 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

feat(aws-events-rule-kinesisfirehose-s3): added logS3AccessLogs and loggingBucketProps (#492)
* added logS3AccessLogs and loggingBucketProps

* added logS3AccessLogs and loggingBucketProps

* redeploy stack for cfn nag suppress rule

* redeploy stack for cfn nag suppress rule

* updated tests for noLoggingBuckets

* fixed lint error

source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-eventbridge-kinesisfirehose-s3/README.md, after:

# aws-eventbridge-kinesisfirehose-s3 module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![Stability: Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/cfn--resources-stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge)

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_eventbridge_kinesisfirehose_s3`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-eventbridge-kinesisfirehose-s3`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.eventbridgekinesisfirehoses3`|

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an Amazon EventBridge Rule to send data to an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream connected to an Amazon S3 bucket.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition in Typescript:

``` javascript
import * as cdk from '@aws-cdk/core';
import { EventbridgeToKinesisFirehoseToS3, EventbridgeToKinesisFirehoseToS3Props } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-eventbridge-kinesisfirehose-s3';

const EventbridgeToKinesisFirehoseToS3Props: EventbridgeToKinesisFirehoseToS3Props = {
  eventRuleProps: {
  schedule: events.Schedule.rate(cdk.Duration.minutes(5))
  }
};

new EventbridgeToKinesisFirehoseToS3(this, 'test-eventbridge-firehose-s3', EventbridgeToKinesisFirehoseToS3Props);

```

## Initializer

``` text
new EventbridgeToKinesisFirehoseToS3(scope: Construct, id: string, props: EventbridgeToKinesisFirehoseToS3Props);
```

_Parameters_

* scope [`Construct`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_core.Construct.html)
* id `string`
* props [`EventbridgeToKinesisFirehoseToS3Props`](#pattern-construct-props)

## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|existingEventBusInterface?|[`events.IEventBus`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.IEventBus.html)| Optional user-provided custom EventBus for construct to use. Providing both this and `eventBusProps` results an error.|
|eventBusProps?|[`events.EventBusProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.EventBusProps.html)|Optional user-provided properties to override the default properties when creating a custom EventBus. Setting this value to `{}` will create a custom EventBus using all default properties. If neither this nor `existingEventBusInterface` is provided the construct will use the `default` EventBus. Providing both this and `existingEventBusInterface` results an error.|
|eventRuleProps|[`events.RuleProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.RuleProps.html)|User provided eventRuleProps to override the defaults.|
|kinesisFirehoseProps?|[`kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStreamProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStreamProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for Kinesis Firehose Delivery Stream|
|existingBucketObj?|[`s3.IBucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.IBucket.html)|Existing instance of S3 Bucket object. If this is provided, then also providing bucketProps is an error. |
|bucketProps?|[`s3.BucketProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.BucketProps.html)|User provided props to override the default props for the S3 Bucket.|
|logGroupProps?|[`logs.LogGroupProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-logs.LogGroupProps.html)|User provided props to override the default props for for the CloudWatchLogs LogGroup.|
|loggingBucketProps?|[`s3.BucketProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.BucketProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the S3 Logging Bucket.|
|logS3AccessLogs?| boolean|Whether to turn on Access Logging for the S3 bucket. Creates an S3 bucket with associated storage costs for the logs. Enabling Access Logging is a best practice. default - true|

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|eventBus?|[`events.IEventBus`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.IEventBus.html)|Returns the instance of events.IEventBus used by the construct|
|eventsRule|[`events.Rule`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.Rule.html)|Returns an instance of events.Rule created by the construct.|
|kinesisFirehose|[`kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStream`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStream.html)|Returns an instance of kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStream created by the construct|
|s3Bucket?|[`s3.Bucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.Bucket.html)|Returns an instance of s3.Bucket created by the construct|
|s3LoggingBucket?|[`s3.Bucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.Bucket.html)|Returns an instance of s3.Bucket created by the construct as the logging bucket for the primary bucket.|
|eventsRole|[`iam.Role`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-iam.Role.html)|Returns an instance of the iam.Role created by the construct for Events Rule|
|kinesisFirehoseRole|[`iam.Role`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-iam.Role.html)|Returns an instance of the iam.Role created by the construct for Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream|
|kinesisFirehoseLogGroup|[`logs.LogGroup`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-logs.LogGroup.html)|Returns an instance of the LogGroup created by the construct for Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream|
|s3BucketInterface|[`s3.IBucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.IBucket.html)|Returns an instance of s3.IBucket created by the construct|

## Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

### Amazon EventBridge Rule
* Configure least privilege access IAM role for Amazon EventBridge Rule to publish to the Kinesis Firehose Delivery Stream.

### Amazon Kinesis Firehose
* Enable CloudWatch logging for Kinesis Firehose
* Configure least privilege access IAM role for Amazon Kinesis Firehose

### Amazon S3 Bucket
* Configure Access logging for S3 Bucket
* Enable server-side encryption for S3 Bucket using AWS managed KMS Key
* Turn on the versioning for S3 Bucket
* Don't allow public access for S3 Bucket
* Retain the S3 Bucket when deleting the CloudFormation stack
* Applies Lifecycle rule to move noncurrent object versions to Glacier storage after 90 days

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright 2021 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
