source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-elasticsearch-kibana/README.md, before:

# aws-lambda-elasticsearch-kibana module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![Stability: Experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Experimental-important.svg?style=for-the-badge)

> All classes are under active development and subject to non-backward compatible changes or removal in any
> future version. These are not subject to the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) model.
> This means that while you may use them, you may need to update your source code when upgrading to a newer version of this package.

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_lambda_elasticsearch_kibana`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-elasticsearch-kibana`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.lambdaelasticsearchkibana`|

## Overview
This AWS Solutions Construct implements the AWS Lambda function and Amazon Elasticsearch Service with the least privileged permissions.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

Typescript
``` typescript
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Stack, StackProps, Aws } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { LambdaToElasticSearchAndKibana } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-elasticsearch-kibana';
import * as lambda from "aws-cdk-lib/aws-lambda";

const lambdaProps: lambda.FunctionProps = {
  code: lambda.Code.fromAsset(`lambda`),
  runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_14_X,
  handler: 'index.handler'
};

new LambdaToElasticSearchAndKibana(this, 'sample', {
  lambdaFunctionProps: lambdaProps,
  domainName: 'testdomain',
  // TODO: Ensure the Cognito domain name is globally unique
  cognitoDomainName: 'globallyuniquedomain' + Aws.ACCOUNT_ID
});
```

Python
```python
from aws_solutions_constructs.aws_lambda_elasticsearch_kibana import LambdaToElasticSearchAndKibana
from aws_cdk import (
    aws_lambda as _lambda,
    Aws,
    Stack
)
from constructs import Construct

lambda_props = _lambda.FunctionProps(
    code=_lambda.Code.from_asset('lambda'),
    runtime=_lambda.Runtime.PYTHON_3_9,
    handler='index.handler'
)

LambdaToElasticSearchAndKibana(self, 'sample',
                            lambda_function_props=lambda_props,
                            domain_name='testdomain',
                            # TODO: Ensure the Cognito domain name is globally unique
                            cognito_domain_name='globallyuniquedomain' + Aws.ACCOUNT_ID
                            )
```

Java
``` java
import software.constructs.Construct;

import software.amazon.awscdk.Stack;
import software.amazon.awscdk.StackProps;
import software.amazon.awscdk.Aws;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.lambda.*;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.lambda.Runtime;
import software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.lambdaelasticsearchkibana.*;

new LambdaToElasticSearchAndKibana(this, "sample",
        new LambdaToElasticSearchAndKibanaProps.Builder()
                .lambdaFunctionProps(new FunctionProps.Builder()
                        .runtime(Runtime.NODEJS_14_X)
                        .code(Code.fromAsset("lambda"))
                        .handler("index.handler")
                        .build())
                .domainName("testdomain")
                // TODO: Ensure the Cognito domain name is globally unique
                .cognitoDomainName("globallyuniquedomain" + Aws.ACCOUNT_ID)
                .build());
```
## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|existingLambdaObj?|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|Existing instance of Lambda Function object, providing both this and `lambdaFunctionProps` will cause an error.|
|lambdaFunctionProps?|[`lambda.FunctionProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.FunctionProps.html)|User provided props to override the default props for the Lambda function.|
|esDomainProps?|[`elasticsearch.CfnDomainProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-elasticsearch.CfnDomainProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the Elasticsearch Service|
|domainName|`string`|Domain name for the Cognito and the Elasticsearch Service|
|cognitoDomainName?|`string`|Optional Cognito Domain Name, if provided it will be used for Cognito Domain, and domainName will be used for the Elasticsearch Domain|
|createCloudWatchAlarms|`boolean`|Whether to create recommended CloudWatch alarms|
|domainEndpointEnvironmentVariableName?|`string`|Optional Name for the Lambda function environment variable set to the domain endpoint. Default: DOMAIN_ENDPOINT |

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|lambdaFunction|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|Returns an instance of lambda.Function created by the construct|
|userPool|[`cognito.UserPool`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-cognito.UserPool.html)|Returns an instance of cognito.UserPool created by the construct|
|userPoolClient|[`cognito.UserPoolClient`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-cognito.UserPoolClient.html)|Returns an instance of cognito.UserPoolClient created by the construct|
|identityPool|[`cognito.CfnIdentityPool`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-cognito.CfnIdentityPool.html)|Returns an instance of cognito.CfnIdentityPool created by the construct|
|elasticsearchDomain|[`elasticsearch.CfnDomain`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-elasticsearch.CfnDomain.html)|Returns an instance of elasticsearch.CfnDomain created by the construct|
|elasticsearchDomain|[`iam.Role`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-iam.Role.html)|Returns an instance of iam.Role created by the construct for elasticsearch.CfnDomain|
|cloudwatchAlarms?|[`cloudwatch.Alarm[]`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-cloudwatch.Alarm.html)|Returns a list of cloudwatch.Alarm created by the construct|

## Lambda Function

This pattern requires a lambda function that can post data into the Elasticsearch. A sample function is provided [here](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-solutions-constructs/blob/master/source/patterns/%40aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-elasticsearch-kibana/test/lambda/index.js).

## Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

### AWS Lambda Function
* Configure limited privilege access IAM role for Lambda function
* Enable reusing connections with Keep-Alive for NodeJs Lambda function
* Enable X-Ray Tracing
* Set Environment Variables
  * (default) DOMAIN_ENDPOINT
  * AWS_NODEJS_CONNECTION_REUSE_ENABLED (for Node 10.x and higher functions)

### Amazon Cognito
* Set password policy for User Pools
* Enforce the advanced security mode for User Pools

### Amazon Elasticsearch Service
* Deploy best practices CloudWatch Alarms for the Elasticsearch Domain
* Secure the Kibana dashboard access with Cognito User Pools
* Enable server-side encryption for Elasticsearch Domain using AWS managed KMS Key
* Enable node-to-node encryption for Elasticsearch Domain
* Configure the cluster for the Amazon ES domain

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright 2022 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

feat(aws-lambda-elasticsearch-kibana): added VPC support (#718)
* added vpc support

* removed unnecessary policy statement

* added new method in build elasticsearch helper

* fixed condition in elastic search helper

* added lambdaFunction to prop

* seperated subnet id and security group id helper function

* updated lambda vpc security group helper

* added default 2 AZ support for VPC

* fixed test names

* used consolidateProps function over overrideProps

* added tests to cover more AZ and error checking for invalid props

* refactored elasticsearch helper file

* allow users to pass entire cluster config through props

* removed single domain creation condition

* updated integ tests

* added comment on providing fake account numbers

* updated comment of vpc environment defaults

* add vpc environment defaults comment in test

* add vpc environment defaults comment in test

Co-authored-by: biffgaut <78155736+biffgaut@users.noreply.github.com>

source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-elasticsearch-kibana/README.md, after:

# aws-lambda-elasticsearch-kibana module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![Stability: Experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Experimental-important.svg?style=for-the-badge)

> All classes are under active development and subject to non-backward compatible changes or removal in any
> future version. These are not subject to the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) model.
> This means that while you may use them, you may need to update your source code when upgrading to a newer version of this package.

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_lambda_elasticsearch_kibana`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-elasticsearch-kibana`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.lambdaelasticsearchkibana`|

## Overview
This AWS Solutions Construct implements the AWS Lambda function and Amazon Elasticsearch Service with the least privileged permissions.

**Some cluster configurations (e.g VPC access) require the existence of the `AWSServiceRoleForAmazonElasticsearchService` Service-Linked Role in your account.**

**You will need to create the service-linked role using the AWS CLI once in any account using this construct (it may have already been run to support other stacks):**
```
aws iam create-service-linked-role --aws-service-name es.amazonaws.com
```

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

Typescript
``` typescript
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Stack, StackProps, Aws } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { LambdaToElasticSearchAndKibana } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-elasticsearch-kibana';
import * as lambda from "aws-cdk-lib/aws-lambda";

const lambdaProps: lambda.FunctionProps = {
  code: lambda.Code.fromAsset(`lambda`),
  runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_14_X,
  handler: 'index.handler'
};

new LambdaToElasticSearchAndKibana(this, 'sample', {
  lambdaFunctionProps: lambdaProps,
  domainName: 'testdomain',
  // TODO: Ensure the Cognito domain name is globally unique
  cognitoDomainName: 'globallyuniquedomain' + Aws.ACCOUNT_ID
});
```

Python
```python
from aws_solutions_constructs.aws_lambda_elasticsearch_kibana import LambdaToElasticSearchAndKibana
from aws_cdk import (
    aws_lambda as _lambda,
    Aws,
    Stack
)
from constructs import Construct

lambda_props = _lambda.FunctionProps(
    code=_lambda.Code.from_asset('lambda'),
    runtime=_lambda.Runtime.PYTHON_3_9,
    handler='index.handler'
)

LambdaToElasticSearchAndKibana(self, 'sample',
                            lambda_function_props=lambda_props,
                            domain_name='testdomain',
                            # TODO: Ensure the Cognito domain name is globally unique
                            cognito_domain_name='globallyuniquedomain' + Aws.ACCOUNT_ID
                            )
```

Java
``` java
import software.constructs.Construct;

import software.amazon.awscdk.Stack;
import software.amazon.awscdk.StackProps;
import software.amazon.awscdk.Aws;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.lambda.*;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.lambda.Runtime;
import software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.lambdaelasticsearchkibana.*;

new LambdaToElasticSearchAndKibana(this, "sample",
        new LambdaToElasticSearchAndKibanaProps.Builder()
                .lambdaFunctionProps(new FunctionProps.Builder()
                        .runtime(Runtime.NODEJS_14_X)
                        .code(Code.fromAsset("lambda"))
                        .handler("index.handler")
                        .build())
                .domainName("testdomain")
                // TODO: Ensure the Cognito domain name is globally unique
                .cognitoDomainName("globallyuniquedomain" + Aws.ACCOUNT_ID)
                .build());
```
## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|existingLambdaObj?|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|Existing instance of Lambda Function object, providing both this and `lambdaFunctionProps` will cause an error.|
|lambdaFunctionProps?|[`lambda.FunctionProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.FunctionProps.html)|User provided props to override the default props for the Lambda function.|
|esDomainProps?|[`elasticsearch.CfnDomainProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-elasticsearch.CfnDomainProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the Elasticsearch Service|
|domainName|`string`|Domain name for the Cognito and the Elasticsearch Service|
|cognitoDomainName?|`string`|Optional Cognito Domain Name, if provided it will be used for Cognito Domain, and domainName will be used for the Elasticsearch Domain|
|createCloudWatchAlarms|`boolean`|Whether to create recommended CloudWatch alarms|
|domainEndpointEnvironmentVariableName?|`string`|Optional Name for the ElasticSearch domain endpoint environment variable set for the Lambda function.|
|existingVpc?|[`ec2.IVpc`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-ec2.IVpc.html)|An optional, existing VPC into which this pattern should be deployed. When deployed in a VPC, the Lambda function will use ENIs in the VPC to access network resources. If an existing VPC is provided, the `deployVpc` property cannot be `true`. This uses `ec2.IVpc` to allow clients to supply VPCs that exist outside the stack using the [`ec2.Vpc.fromLookup()`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-ec2.Vpc.html#static-fromwbrlookupscope-id-options) method.|
|vpcProps?|[`ec2.VpcProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-ec2.VpcProps.html)|Optional user provided properties to override the default properties for the new VPC. `enableDnsHostnames`, `enableDnsSupport`, `natGateways` and `subnetConfiguration` are set by the pattern, so any values for those properties supplied here will be overrriden. If `deployVpc` is not `true` then this property will be ignored.|
|deployVpc?|`boolean`|Whether to create a new VPC based on `vpcProps` into which to deploy this pattern. Setting this to true will deploy the minimal, most private VPC to run the pattern:<ul><li> One isolated subnet in each Availability Zone used by the CDK program</li><li>`enableDnsHostnames` and `enableDnsSupport` will both be set to true</li></ul>If this property is `true` then `existingVpc` cannot be specified. Defaults to `false`.|

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|lambdaFunction|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|Returns an instance of lambda.Function created by the construct|
|userPool|[`cognito.UserPool`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-cognito.UserPool.html)|Returns an instance of cognito.UserPool created by the construct|
|userPoolClient|[`cognito.UserPoolClient`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-cognito.UserPoolClient.html)|Returns an instance of cognito.UserPoolClient created by the construct|
|identityPool|[`cognito.CfnIdentityPool`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-cognito.CfnIdentityPool.html)|Returns an instance of cognito.CfnIdentityPool created by the construct|
|elasticsearchDomain|[`elasticsearch.CfnDomain`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-elasticsearch.CfnDomain.html)|Returns an instance of elasticsearch.CfnDomain created by the construct|
|elasticsearchDomain|[`iam.Role`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-iam.Role.html)|Returns an instance of iam.Role created by the construct for elasticsearch.CfnDomain|
|cloudwatchAlarms?|[`cloudwatch.Alarm[]`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-cloudwatch.Alarm.html)|Returns a list of cloudwatch.Alarm created by the construct|
|vpc?|[`ec2.IVpc`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-ec2.IVpc.html)|Returns an interface on the VPC used by the pattern (if any). This may be a VPC created by the pattern or the VPC supplied to the pattern constructor.|

## Lambda Function

This pattern requires a lambda function that can post data into the Elasticsearch. A sample function is provided [here](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-solutions-constructs/blob/master/source/patterns/%40aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-elasticsearch-kibana/test/lambda/index.js).

## Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

### AWS Lambda Function
* Configure limited privilege access IAM role for Lambda function
* Enable reusing connections with Keep-Alive for NodeJs Lambda function
* Enable X-Ray Tracing
* Set Environment Variables
  * (default) DOMAIN_ENDPOINT
  * AWS_NODEJS_CONNECTION_REUSE_ENABLED (for Node 10.x and higher functions)

### Amazon Cognito
* Set password policy for User Pools
* Enforce the advanced security mode for User Pools

### Amazon Elasticsearch Service
* Deploy best practices CloudWatch Alarms for the Elasticsearch Domain
* Secure the Kibana dashboard access with Cognito User Pools
* Enable server-side encryption for Elasticsearch Domain using AWS managed KMS Key
* Enable node-to-node encryption for Elasticsearch Domain
* Configure the cluster for the Amazon ES domain

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright 2022 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
