source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-sqs/README.md, before:

# aws-lambda-sqs module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![Stability: Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/cfn--resources-stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge)

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_lambda_sqs`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-sqs`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.lambdasqs`|

## Overview
This AWS Solutions Construct implements an AWS Lambda function connected to an Amazon SQS queue.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

Typescript
``` typescript
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { LambdaToSqs, LambdaToSqsProps } from "@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-sqs";
import * as lambda from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-lambda';

new LambdaToSqs(this, 'LambdaToSqsPattern', {
  lambdaFunctionProps: {
    runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_14_X,
    handler: 'index.handler',
    code: lambda.Code.fromAsset(`lambda`)
  }
});
```

Python
``` python
from aws_solutions_constructs.aws_lambda_sqs import LambdaToSqs
from aws_cdk import (
    aws_lambda as _lambda,
    Stack
)
from constructs import Construct

LambdaToSqs(
    self, 'test-lambda-sqs-stack',
    lambda_function_props=_lambda.FunctionProps(
        code=_lambda.Code.from_asset('lambda'),
        runtime=_lambda.Runtime.PYTHON_3_9,
        handler='index.handler'
    )
)
```

Java
``` java
import software.constructs.Construct;

import software.amazon.awscdk.Stack;
import software.amazon.awscdk.StackProps;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.lambda.*;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.lambda.Runtime;
import software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.lambdasqs.*;

new LambdaToSqs(this, "test-lambda-sqs-stack", new LambdaToSqsProps.Builder()
        .lambdaFunctionProps(new FunctionProps.Builder()
                .runtime(Runtime.NODEJS_14_X)
                .code(Code.fromAsset("lambda"))
                .handler("index.handler")
                .build())
        .build());
```

## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|existingLambdaObj?|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.Function.html)|An optional, existing Lambda function to be used instead of the default function. Providing both this and `lambdaFunctionProps` will cause an error.|
|lambdaFunctionProps?|[`lambda.FunctionProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.FunctionProps.html)|Optional user-provided properties to override the default properties for the Lambda function. |
|existingQueueObj?|[`sqs.Queue`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sqs.Queue.html)|An optional, existing SQS queue to be used instead of the default queue. Providing both this and `queueProps` will cause an error.|
|queueProps?|[`sqs.QueueProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sqs.QueueProps.html)|Optional user-provided properties to override the default properties for the SQS queue.|
|enableQueuePurging?|`boolean`|Whether to grant additional permissions to the Lambda function enabling it to purge the SQS queue. Defaults to `false`.|
|deployDeadLetterQueue?|`boolean`|Whether to create a secondary queue to be used as a dead letter queue. Defaults to `true`.|
|deadLetterQueueProps?|[`sqs.QueueProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sqs.QueueProps.html)|Optional user-provided props to override the default props for the dead letter queue. Only used if the `deployDeadLetterQueue` property is set to true.|
|maxReceiveCount?|`number`|The number of times a message can be unsuccessfully dequeued before being moved to the dead letter queue. Defaults to `15`.|
|existingVpc?|[`ec2.IVpc`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.IVpc.html)|An optional, existing VPC into which this pattern should be deployed. When deployed in a VPC, the Lambda function will use ENIs in the VPC to access network resources and an Interface Endpoint will be created in the VPC for Amazon SQS. If an existing VPC is provided, the `deployVpc` property cannot be `true`. This uses `ec2.IVpc` to allow clients to supply VPCs that exist outside the stack using the [`ec2.Vpc.fromLookup()`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.Vpc.html#static-fromwbrlookupscope-id-options) method.|
|vpcProps?|[`ec2.VpcProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.VpcProps.html)|Optional user-provided properties to override the default properties for the new VPC. `enableDnsHostnames`, `enableDnsSupport`, `natGateways` and `subnetConfiguration` are set by the pattern, so any values for those properties supplied here will be overrriden. If `deployVpc` is not `true` then this property will be ignored.|
|deployVpc?|`boolean`|Whether to create a new VPC based on `vpcProps` into which to deploy this pattern. Setting this to true will deploy the minimal, most private VPC to run the pattern:<ul><li> One isolated subnet in each Availability Zone used by the CDK program</li><li>`enableDnsHostnames` and `enableDnsSupport` will both be set to true</li></ul>If this property is `true` then `existingVpc` cannot be specified. Defaults to `false`.|
|queueEnvironmentVariableName?|`string`|Optional Name for the Lambda function environment variable set to the URL of the queue. Default: SQS_QUEUE_URL |

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|lambdaFunction|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.Function.html)|Returns an instance of the Lambda function created by the pattern.|
|sqsQueue|[`sqs.Queue`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sqs.Queue.html)|Returns an instance of the SQS queue created by the pattern. |
|deadLetterQueue?|[`sqs.Queue`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sqs.Queue.html)|Returns an instance of the dead letter queue created by the pattern, if one is deployed.|
|vpc?|[`ec2.IVpc`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.IVpc.html)|Returns an interface on the VPC used by the pattern (if any). This may be a VPC created by the pattern or the VPC supplied to the pattern constructor.|

## Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

### AWS Lambda Function
* Configure limited privilege access IAM role for Lambda function.
* Enable reusing connections with Keep-Alive for NodeJs Lambda function.
* Allow the function to send messages only to the queue (purging can be enabled using the `enableQueuePurge` property).
* Enable X-Ray Tracing
* Set Environment Variables
  * SQS_QUEUE_URL
  * AWS_NODEJS_CONNECTION_REUSE_ENABLED (for Node 10.x and higher functions)

### Amazon SQS Queue
* Deploy SQS dead-letter queue for the source SQS Queue.
* Enable server-side encryption for source SQS Queue using AWS Managed KMS Key.
* Enforce encryption of data in transit

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright 2022 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

Standardize how encryption properties are used for SNS and SQS-based constructs.

source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-sqs/README.md, after:

# aws-lambda-sqs module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![Stability: Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/cfn--resources-stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge)

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_lambda_sqs`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-sqs`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.lambdasqs`|

## Overview
This AWS Solutions Construct implements an AWS Lambda function connected to an Amazon SQS queue.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

Typescript
``` typescript
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { LambdaToSqs, LambdaToSqsProps } from "@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-sqs";
import * as lambda from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-lambda';

new LambdaToSqs(this, 'LambdaToSqsPattern', {
  lambdaFunctionProps: {
    runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_14_X,
    handler: 'index.handler',
    code: lambda.Code.fromAsset(`lambda`)
  }
});
```

Python
``` python
from aws_solutions_constructs.aws_lambda_sqs import LambdaToSqs
from aws_cdk import (
    aws_lambda as _lambda,
    Stack
)
from constructs import Construct

LambdaToSqs(
    self, 'test-lambda-sqs-stack',
    lambda_function_props=_lambda.FunctionProps(
        code=_lambda.Code.from_asset('lambda'),
        runtime=_lambda.Runtime.PYTHON_3_9,
        handler='index.handler'
    )
)
```

Java
``` java
import software.constructs.Construct;

import software.amazon.awscdk.Stack;
import software.amazon.awscdk.StackProps;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.lambda.*;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.lambda.Runtime;
import software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.lambdasqs.*;

new LambdaToSqs(this, "test-lambda-sqs-stack", new LambdaToSqsProps.Builder()
        .lambdaFunctionProps(new FunctionProps.Builder()
                .runtime(Runtime.NODEJS_14_X)
                .code(Code.fromAsset("lambda"))
                .handler("index.handler")
                .build())
        .build());
```

## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|existingLambdaObj?|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.Function.html)|An optional, existing Lambda function to be used instead of the default function. Providing both this and `lambdaFunctionProps` will cause an error.|
|lambdaFunctionProps?|[`lambda.FunctionProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.FunctionProps.html)|Optional user-provided properties to override the default properties for the Lambda function. |
|existingQueueObj?|[`sqs.Queue`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sqs.Queue.html)|An optional, existing SQS queue to be used instead of the default queue. Providing both this and `queueProps` will cause an error.|
|queueProps?|[`sqs.QueueProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sqs.QueueProps.html)|Optional user-provided properties to override the default properties for the SQS queue.|
|enableQueuePurging?|`boolean`|Whether to grant additional permissions to the Lambda function enabling it to purge the SQS queue. Defaults to `false`.|
|deployDeadLetterQueue?|`boolean`|Whether to create a secondary queue to be used as a dead letter queue. Defaults to `true`.|
|deadLetterQueueProps?|[`sqs.QueueProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sqs.QueueProps.html)|Optional user-provided props to override the default props for the dead letter queue. Only used if the `deployDeadLetterQueue` property is set to true.|
|maxReceiveCount?|`number`|The number of times a message can be unsuccessfully dequeued before being moved to the dead letter queue. Defaults to `15`.|
|existingVpc?|[`ec2.IVpc`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.IVpc.html)|An optional, existing VPC into which this pattern should be deployed. When deployed in a VPC, the Lambda function will use ENIs in the VPC to access network resources and an Interface Endpoint will be created in the VPC for Amazon SQS. If an existing VPC is provided, the `deployVpc` property cannot be `true`. This uses `ec2.IVpc` to allow clients to supply VPCs that exist outside the stack using the [`ec2.Vpc.fromLookup()`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.Vpc.html#static-fromwbrlookupscope-id-options) method.|
|vpcProps?|[`ec2.VpcProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.VpcProps.html)|Optional user-provided properties to override the default properties for the new VPC. `enableDnsHostnames`, `enableDnsSupport`, `natGateways` and `subnetConfiguration` are set by the pattern, so any values for those properties supplied here will be overrriden. If `deployVpc` is not `true` then this property will be ignored.|
|deployVpc?|`boolean`|Whether to create a new VPC based on `vpcProps` into which to deploy this pattern. Setting this to true will deploy the minimal, most private VPC to run the pattern:<ul><li> One isolated subnet in each Availability Zone used by the CDK program</li><li>`enableDnsHostnames` and `enableDnsSupport` will both be set to true</li></ul>If this property is `true` then `existingVpc` cannot be specified. Defaults to `false`.|
|queueEnvironmentVariableName?|`string`|Optional Name for the Lambda function environment variable set to the URL of the queue. Default: SQS_QUEUE_URL |
|enableEncryptionWithCustomerManagedKey?|`boolean`|If no key is provided, this flag determines whether the queue is encrypted with a new CMK or an AWS managed key. This flag is ignored if any of the following are defined: queueProps.encryptionMasterKey, encryptionKey or encryptionKeyProps.|
|encryptionKey?|[`kms.Key`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kms.Key.html)|An optional, imported encryption key to encrypt the SQS Queue with.|
|encryptionKeyProps?|[`kms.KeyProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kms.Key.html#construct-props)|Optional user provided properties to override the default properties for the KMS encryption key used to encrypt the SQS queue with.|

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|lambdaFunction|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.Function.html)|Returns an instance of the Lambda function created by the pattern.|
|sqsQueue|[`sqs.Queue`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sqs.Queue.html)|Returns an instance of the SQS queue created by the pattern. |
|deadLetterQueue?|[`sqs.Queue`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sqs.Queue.html)|Returns an instance of the dead letter queue created by the pattern, if one is deployed.|
|vpc?|[`ec2.IVpc`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.IVpc.html)|Returns an interface on the VPC used by the pattern (if any). This may be a VPC created by the pattern or the VPC supplied to the pattern constructor.|

## Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

### AWS Lambda Function
* Configure limited privilege access IAM role for Lambda function.
* Enable reusing connections with Keep-Alive for NodeJs Lambda function.
* Allow the function to send messages only to the queue (purging can be enabled using the `enableQueuePurge` property).
* Enable X-Ray Tracing
* Set Environment Variables
  * SQS_QUEUE_URL
  * AWS_NODEJS_CONNECTION_REUSE_ENABLED (for Node 10.x and higher functions)

### Amazon SQS Queue
* Deploy SQS dead-letter queue for the source SQS Queue.
* Enable server-side encryption for source SQS Queue using AWS Managed KMS Key.
* Enforce encryption of data in transit

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright 2022 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
