source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-sns-lambda/README.md, before:

# aws-sns-lambda module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![Stability: Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/cfn--resources-stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge)

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_sns_lambda`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-sns-lambda`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.snslambda`|

## Overview
This AWS Solutions Construct implements an Amazon SNS connected to an AWS Lambda function.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

Typescript
``` typescript
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { SnsToLambda, SnsToLambdaProps } from "@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-sns-lambda";
import * as lambda from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-lambda';

new SnsToLambda(this, 'test-sns-lambda', {
  lambdaFunctionProps: {
    runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_14_X,
    handler: 'index.handler',
    code: lambda.Code.fromAsset(`lambda`)
  }
});
```
Python
```python
from aws_solutions_constructs.aws_sns_lambda import SnsToLambda
from aws_cdk import (
    aws_lambda as _lambda,
    Stack
)
from constructs import Construct

SnsToLambda(self, 'test_sns_lambda',
            lambda_function_props=_lambda.FunctionProps(
                code=_lambda.Code.from_asset('lambda'),
                runtime=_lambda.Runtime.PYTHON_3_9,
                handler='index.handler'
            )
            )
```

Java
``` java
import software.constructs.Construct;

import software.amazon.awscdk.Stack;
import software.amazon.awscdk.StackProps;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.lambda.*;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.lambda.Runtime;
import software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.snslambda.*;

new SnsToLambda(this, "test-lambda-sqs-stack", new SnsToLambdaProps.Builder()
        .lambdaFunctionProps(new FunctionProps.Builder()
                .runtime(Runtime.NODEJS_14_X)
                .code(Code.fromAsset("lambda"))
                .handler("index.handler")
                .build())
        .build());
```

## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|existingLambdaObj?|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.Function.html)|Existing instance of Lambda Function object, providing both this and `lambdaFunctionProps` will cause an error.|
|lambdaFunctionProps?|[`lambda.FunctionProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.FunctionProps.html)|User provided props to override the default props for the Lambda function.|
|existingTopicObj?|[`sns.Topic`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.Function.html)|Existing instance of SNS Topic object, providing both this and `topicProps` will cause an error.|
|topicProps?|[`sns.TopicProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sns.TopicProps.html)|Optional user provided properties to override the default properties for the SNS topic.|

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|lambdaFunction|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.Function.html)|Returns an instance of the Lambda function created by the pattern.|
|snsTopic|[`sns.Topic`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sns.Topic.html)|Returns an instance of the SNS topic created by the pattern.|

## Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

### Amazon SNS Topic
* Configure least privilege access permissions for SNS Topic
* Enable server-side encryption for SNS Topic using AWS managed KMS Key
* Enforce encryption of data in transit

### AWS Lambda Function
* Configure limited privilege access IAM role for Lambda function
* Enable reusing connections with Keep-Alive for NodeJs Lambda function
* Enable X-Ray Tracing
* Set Environment Variables
  * AWS_NODEJS_CONNECTION_REUSE_ENABLED (for Node 10.x and higher functions)

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright 2022 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

Standardize how encryption properties are used for SNS and SQS-based constructs.

source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-sns-lambda/README.md, after:

# aws-sns-lambda module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![Stability: Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/cfn--resources-stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge)

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_sns_lambda`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-sns-lambda`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.snslambda`|

## Overview
This AWS Solutions Construct implements an Amazon SNS connected to an AWS Lambda function.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

Typescript
``` typescript
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { SnsToLambda, SnsToLambdaProps } from "@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-sns-lambda";
import * as lambda from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-lambda';

new SnsToLambda(this, 'test-sns-lambda', {
  lambdaFunctionProps: {
    runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_14_X,
    handler: 'index.handler',
    code: lambda.Code.fromAsset(`lambda`)
  }
});
```
Python
```python
from aws_solutions_constructs.aws_sns_lambda import SnsToLambda
from aws_cdk import (
    aws_lambda as _lambda,
    Stack
)
from constructs import Construct

SnsToLambda(self, 'test_sns_lambda',
            lambda_function_props=_lambda.FunctionProps(
                code=_lambda.Code.from_asset('lambda'),
                runtime=_lambda.Runtime.PYTHON_3_9,
                handler='index.handler'
            )
            )
```

Java
``` java
import software.constructs.Construct;

import software.amazon.awscdk.Stack;
import software.amazon.awscdk.StackProps;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.lambda.*;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.lambda.Runtime;
import software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.snslambda.*;

new SnsToLambda(this, "test-lambda-sqs-stack", new SnsToLambdaProps.Builder()
        .lambdaFunctionProps(new FunctionProps.Builder()
                .runtime(Runtime.NODEJS_14_X)
                .code(Code.fromAsset("lambda"))
                .handler("index.handler")
                .build())
        .build());
```

## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|existingLambdaObj?|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.Function.html)|Existing instance of Lambda Function object, providing both this and `lambdaFunctionProps` will cause an error.|
|lambdaFunctionProps?|[`lambda.FunctionProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.FunctionProps.html)|User provided props to override the default props for the Lambda function.|
|existingTopicObj?|[`sns.Topic`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.Function.html)|Existing instance of SNS Topic object, providing both this and `topicProps` will cause an error.|
|topicProps?|[`sns.TopicProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sns.TopicProps.html)|Optional user provided properties to override the default properties for the SNS topic.|
|enableEncryptionWithCustomerManagedKey?|`boolean`|If no key is provided, this flag determines whether the SNS Topic is encrypted with a new CMK or an AWS managed key. This flag is ignored if any of the following are defined: topicProps.masterKey, encryptionKey or encryptionKeyProps.|
|encryptionKey?|[`kms.Key`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kms.Key.html)|An optional, imported encryption key to encrypt the SNS Topic with.|
|encryptionKeyProps?|[`kms.KeyProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kms.Key.html#construct-props)|Optional user provided properties to override the default properties for the KMS encryption key used to encrypt the SNS Topic with.|

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|lambdaFunction|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.Function.html)|Returns an instance of the Lambda function created by the pattern.|
|snsTopic|[`sns.Topic`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sns.Topic.html)|Returns an instance of the SNS topic created by the pattern.|

## Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

### Amazon SNS Topic
* Configure least privilege access permissions for SNS Topic
* Enable server-side encryption for SNS Topic using AWS managed KMS Key
* Enforce encryption of data in transit

### AWS Lambda Function
* Configure limited privilege access IAM role for Lambda function
* Enable reusing connections with Keep-Alive for NodeJs Lambda function
* Enable X-Ray Tracing
* Set Environment Variables
  * AWS_NODEJS_CONNECTION_REUSE_ENABLED (for Node 10.x and higher functions)

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright 2022 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
