source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-events-rule-sns/README.md, before:

# aws-events-rule-sns module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---
![Stability: Deprecated](https://img.shields.io/badge/STABILITY-DEPRECATED-red?style=for-the-badge)

> Some of our early constructs don’t meet the naming standards that evolved for the library. We are releasing completely feature compatible versions with corrected names. The underlying implementation code is the same regardless of whether you deploy the construct using the old or new name. We will support both names for all 1.x releases, but in 2.x we will only publish the correctly named constructs. This construct is being replaced by the functionally identical aws-eventbridge-sns.

> All classes are under active development and subject to non-backward compatible changes or removal in any
> future version. These are not subject to the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) model.
> This means that while you may use them, you may need to update your source code when upgrading to a newer version of this package.

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_events_rule_sns`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-events-rule-sns`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.eventsrulesns`|

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an AWS Events rule and an AWS SNS Topic.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition in Typescript:

``` typescript
import { Duration } from '@aws-cdk/core';
import * as events from '@aws-cdk/aws-events';
import * as iam from '@aws-cdk/aws-iam';
import { EventsRuleToSnsProps, EventsRuleToSns } from "@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-events-rule-sns";

const props: EventsRuleToSnsProps = {
    eventRuleProps: {
      schedule: events.Schedule.rate(Duration.minutes(5)),
    }
};

const constructStack = new EventsRuleToSns(this, 'test-construct', props);

// Grant yourself permissions to use the Customer Managed KMS Key
const policyStatement = new iam.PolicyStatement({
    actions: ["kms:Encrypt", "kms:Decrypt"],
    effect: iam.Effect.ALLOW,
    principals: [ new iam.AccountRootPrincipal() ],
    resources: [ "*" ]
});

constructStack.encryptionKey?.addToResourcePolicy(policyStatement);
```

## Initializer

``` text
new EventsRuleToSns(scope: Construct, id: string, props: EventsRuleToSnsProps);
```

_Parameters_

* scope [`Construct`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_core.Construct.html)
* id `string`
* props [`EventsRuleToSnsProps`](#pattern-construct-props)

## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|eventRuleProps|[`events.RuleProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.RuleProps.html)|User provided eventRuleProps to override the defaults. |
|existingTopicObj?|[`sns.Topic`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|Existing instance of SNS Topic object, providing both this and `topicProps` will cause an error.|
|topicProps?|[`sns.TopicProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-sns.TopicProps.html)|User provided props to override the default props for the SNS Topic. |
|enableEncryptionWithCustomerManagedKey?|`boolean`|Use a KMS Key, either managed by this CDK app, or imported. If importing an encryption key, it must be specified in the encryptionKey property for this construct.|
|encryptionKey?|[`kms.Key`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-kms.Key.html)|An optional, imported encryption key to encrypt the SNS Topic.|
|encryptionKeyProps?|[`kms.KeyProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-kms.KeyProps.html)|An optional, user provided properties to override the default properties for the KMS encryption key.|

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|eventsRule|[`events.Rule`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.Rule.html)|Returns an instance of events.Rule created by the construct|
|snsTopic|[`sns.Topic`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-sns.Topic.html)|Returns an instance of sns.Topic created by the construct|
|encryptionKey?|[`kms.Key`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-kms.Key.html)|Returns an instance of kms Key used for the SNS Topic.|

## Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

### Amazon EventBridge Rule
* Grant least privilege permissions to EventBridge Rule to publish to the SNS Topic.

### Amazon SNS Topic
* Configure least privilege access permissions for SNS Topic.
* Enable server-side encryption forSNS Topic using Customer managed KMS Key.
* Enforce encryption of data in transit.

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright 2021 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

refactoring & enhanced aws-events-rule-sns to support custom eventbus

source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-events-rule-sns/README.md, after:

# aws-events-rule-sns module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---
![Stability: Deprecated](https://img.shields.io/badge/STABILITY-DEPRECATED-red?style=for-the-badge)

> Some of our early constructs don’t meet the naming standards that evolved for the library. We are releasing completely feature compatible versions with corrected names. The underlying implementation code is the same regardless of whether you deploy the construct using the old or new name. We will support both names for all 1.x releases, but in 2.x we will only publish the correctly named constructs. This construct is being replaced by the functionally identical aws-eventbridge-sns.

> All classes are under active development and subject to non-backward compatible changes or removal in any
> future version. These are not subject to the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) model.
> This means that while you may use them, you may need to update your source code when upgrading to a newer version of this package.

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_events_rule_sns`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-events-rule-sns`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.eventsrulesns`|

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an AWS Events rule and an AWS SNS Topic.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition in Typescript:

``` typescript
import { Duration } from '@aws-cdk/core';
import * as events from '@aws-cdk/aws-events';
import * as iam from '@aws-cdk/aws-iam';
import { EventsRuleToSnsProps, EventsRuleToSns } from "@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-events-rule-sns";

const props: EventsRuleToSnsProps = {
    eventRuleProps: {
      schedule: events.Schedule.rate(Duration.minutes(5)),
    }
};

const constructStack = new EventsRuleToSns(this, 'test-construct', props);

// Grant yourself permissions to use the Customer Managed KMS Key
const policyStatement = new iam.PolicyStatement({
    actions: ["kms:Encrypt", "kms:Decrypt"],
    effect: iam.Effect.ALLOW,
    principals: [ new iam.AccountRootPrincipal() ],
    resources: [ "*" ]
});

constructStack.encryptionKey?.addToResourcePolicy(policyStatement);
```

## Initializer

``` text
new EventsRuleToSns(scope: Construct, id: string, props: EventsRuleToSnsProps);
```

_Parameters_

* scope [`Construct`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_core.Construct.html)
* id `string`
* props [`EventsRuleToSnsProps`](#pattern-construct-props)

## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|eventRuleProps|[`events.RuleProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.RuleProps.html)|User provided eventRuleProps to override the defaults. |
|existingTopicObj?|[`sns.Topic`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|Existing instance of SNS Topic object, providing both this and `topicProps` will cause an error.|
|topicProps?|[`sns.TopicProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-sns.TopicProps.html)|User provided props to override the default props for the SNS Topic. |
|existingEventBusInterface?|[`events.IEventBus`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.IEventBus.html)| Optional user-provided custom EventBus for construct to use. Providing both this and `eventBusProps` results an error.|
|eventBusProps?|[`events.EventBusProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.EventBusProps.html)|Optional user-provided properties to override the default properties when creating a custom EventBus. Setting this value to `{}` will create a custom EventBus using all default properties. If neither this nor `existingEventBusInterface` is provided the construct will use the `default` EventBus. Providing both this and `existingEventBusInterface` results an error.|
|enableEncryptionWithCustomerManagedKey?|`boolean`|Use a KMS Key, either managed by this CDK app, or imported. If importing an encryption key, it must be specified in the encryptionKey property for this construct.|
|encryptionKey?|[`kms.Key`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-kms.Key.html)|An optional, imported encryption key to encrypt the SNS Topic.|
|encryptionKeyProps?|[`kms.KeyProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-kms.KeyProps.html)|An optional, user provided properties to override the default properties for the KMS encryption key.|

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|eventBus|[`events.IEventBus`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.IEventBus.html)|Returns the instance of events.IEventBus used by the construct|
|eventsRule|[`events.Rule`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.Rule.html)|Returns an instance of events.Rule created by the construct|
|snsTopic|[`sns.Topic`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-sns.Topic.html)|Returns an instance of sns.Topic created by the construct|
|encryptionKey?|[`kms.Key`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-kms.Key.html)|Returns an instance of kms Key used for the SNS Topic.|

## Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

### Amazon EventBridge Rule
* Grant least privilege permissions to EventBridge Rule to publish to the SNS Topic.

### Amazon SNS Topic
* Configure least privilege access permissions for SNS Topic.
* Enable server-side encryption forSNS Topic using Customer managed KMS Key.
* Enforce encryption of data in transit.

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright 2021 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
