source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-events-rule-kinesisstreams/README.md, before:

# aws-events-rule-kinesisstreams module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![Stability: Deprecated](https://img.shields.io/badge/STABILITY-DEPRECATED-red?style=for-the-badge)

> Some of our early constructs don’t meet the naming standards that evolved for the library. We are releasing completely feature compatible versions with corrected names. The underlying implementation code is the same regardless of whether you deploy the construct using the old or new name. We will support both names for all 1.x releases, but in 2.x we will only publish the correctly named constructs. This construct is being replaced by the functionally identical aws-eventbridge-kinesisstreams.

> All classes are under active development and subject to non-backward compatible changes or removal in any
> future version. These are not subject to the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) model.
> This means that while you may use them, you may need to update your source code when upgrading to a newer version of this package.

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_events_rule_kinesisstreams`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-events-rule-kinesisstreams`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.eventsrulekinesisstreams`|

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an Amazon CloudWatch Events rule to send data to an Amazon Kinesis data stream.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition in Typescript:

``` typescript
import * as cdk from '@aws-cdk/core';
import {EventsRuleToKinesisStreams, EventsRuleToKinesisStreamsProps} from "@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-events-rule-kinesisstreams";

const props: EventsRuleToKinesisStreamsProps = {
    eventRuleProps: {
      schedule: events.Schedule.rate(Duration.minutes(5)),
    }
};

new EventsRuleToKinesisStreams(this, 'test-events-rule-kinesis-streams', props);
```

## Initializer

``` text
new EventsRuleToKinesisStreams(scope: Construct, id: string, props: EventsRuleToKinesisStreamsProps);
```

_Parameters_

* scope [`Construct`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_core.Construct.html)
* id `string`
* props [`EventsRuleToKinesisStreamsProps`](#pattern-construct-props)

## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|existingEventBusInterface?|[`events.IEventBus`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.IEventBus.html)| Optional user-provided custom EventBus for construct to use. Providing both this and `eventBusProps` results an error.|
|eventBusProps?|[`events.EventBusProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.EventBusProps.html)|Optional user-provided properties to override the default properties when creating a custom EventBus. Setting this value to `{}` will create a custom EventBus using all default properties. If neither this nor `existingEventBusInterface` is provided the construct will use the `default` EventBus. Providing both this and `existingEventBusInterface` results an error.|
|eventRuleProps|[`events.RuleProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.RuleProps.html)|User provided eventRuleProps to override the defaults. |
|existingStreamObj?|[`kinesis.Stream`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-kinesis.Stream.html)|Existing instance of Kinesis Stream, providing both this and `kinesisStreamProps` will cause an error.|
|kinesisStreamProps?|[`kinesis.StreamProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-kinesis.StreamProps.html)|Optional user-provided props to override the default props for the Kinesis stream. |
|createCloudWatchAlarms|`boolean`|Whether to create recommended CloudWatch alarms. |

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|eventBus?|[`events.IEventBus`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.IEventBus.html)|Returns the instance of events.IEventBus used by the construct|
|eventsRule|[`events.Rule`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.Rule.html)|Returns an instance of events.Rule created by the construct.|
|kinesisStream|[`kinesis.Stream`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-kinesis.Stream.html)|Returns an instance of the Kinesis stream created by the pattern.|
|eventsRole?|[`iam.Role`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-iam.Role.html)|Returns an instance of the iam.Role created by the construct for events rule.|

## Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

### Amazon CloudWatch Events Rule
* Configure least privilege access IAM role for Events Rule to publish to the Kinesis Data Stream.

### Amazon Kinesis Stream
* Enable server-side encryption for Kinesis Data Stream using AWS Managed KMS Key.

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright 2021 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

updated README with pattern prop cloudwatch.Alarms[]

source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-events-rule-kinesisstreams/README.md, after:

# aws-events-rule-kinesisstreams module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![Stability: Deprecated](https://img.shields.io/badge/STABILITY-DEPRECATED-red?style=for-the-badge)

> Some of our early constructs don’t meet the naming standards that evolved for the library. We are releasing completely feature compatible versions with corrected names. The underlying implementation code is the same regardless of whether you deploy the construct using the old or new name. We will support both names for all 1.x releases, but in 2.x we will only publish the correctly named constructs. This construct is being replaced by the functionally identical aws-eventbridge-kinesisstreams.

> All classes are under active development and subject to non-backward compatible changes or removal in any
> future version. These are not subject to the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) model.
> This means that while you may use them, you may need to update your source code when upgrading to a newer version of this package.

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_events_rule_kinesisstreams`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-events-rule-kinesisstreams`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.eventsrulekinesisstreams`|

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an Amazon CloudWatch Events rule to send data to an Amazon Kinesis data stream.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition in Typescript:

``` typescript
import * as cdk from '@aws-cdk/core';
import {EventsRuleToKinesisStreams, EventsRuleToKinesisStreamsProps} from "@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-events-rule-kinesisstreams";

const props: EventsRuleToKinesisStreamsProps = {
    eventRuleProps: {
      schedule: events.Schedule.rate(Duration.minutes(5)),
    }
};

new EventsRuleToKinesisStreams(this, 'test-events-rule-kinesis-streams', props);
```

## Initializer

``` text
new EventsRuleToKinesisStreams(scope: Construct, id: string, props: EventsRuleToKinesisStreamsProps);
```

_Parameters_

* scope [`Construct`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_core.Construct.html)
* id `string`
* props [`EventsRuleToKinesisStreamsProps`](#pattern-construct-props)

## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|existingEventBusInterface?|[`events.IEventBus`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.IEventBus.html)| Optional user-provided custom EventBus for construct to use. Providing both this and `eventBusProps` results an error.|
|eventBusProps?|[`events.EventBusProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.EventBusProps.html)|Optional user-provided properties to override the default properties when creating a custom EventBus. Setting this value to `{}` will create a custom EventBus using all default properties. If neither this nor `existingEventBusInterface` is provided the construct will use the `default` EventBus. Providing both this and `existingEventBusInterface` results an error.|
|eventRuleProps|[`events.RuleProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.RuleProps.html)|User provided eventRuleProps to override the defaults. |
|existingStreamObj?|[`kinesis.Stream`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-kinesis.Stream.html)|Existing instance of Kinesis Stream, providing both this and `kinesisStreamProps` will cause an error.|
|kinesisStreamProps?|[`kinesis.StreamProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-kinesis.StreamProps.html)|Optional user-provided props to override the default props for the Kinesis stream. |
|createCloudWatchAlarms|`boolean`|Whether to create recommended CloudWatch alarms. |

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|eventBus?|[`events.IEventBus`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.IEventBus.html)|Returns the instance of events.IEventBus used by the construct|
|eventsRule|[`events.Rule`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.Rule.html)|Returns an instance of events.Rule created by the construct.|
|kinesisStream|[`kinesis.Stream`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-kinesis.Stream.html)|Returns an instance of the Kinesis stream created by the pattern.|
|eventsRole?|[`iam.Role`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-iam.Role.html)|Returns an instance of the iam.Role created by the construct for events rule.|
|cloudwatchAlarms?|[`cloudwatch.Alarm[]`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-cloudwatch.Alarm.html)|Returns an instance of the cloudwatch.Alarm[] created by the construct.|

## Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

### Amazon CloudWatch Events Rule
* Configure least privilege access IAM role for Events Rule to publish to the Kinesis Data Stream.

### Amazon Kinesis Stream
* Enable server-side encryption for Kinesis Data Stream using AWS Managed KMS Key.

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright 2021 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
