source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-eventbridge-lambda/README.md, before:

# aws-eventbridge-lambda module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![Stability: Experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Experimental-important.svg?style=for-the-badge)

> All classes are under active development and subject to non-backward compatible changes or removal in any
> future version. These are not subject to the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) model.
> This means that while you may use them, you may need to update your source code when upgrading to a newer version of this package.

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_eventbridge_lambda`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-eventbridge-lambda`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.eventbridgelambda`|

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an AWS EventBridge rule and an AWS Lambda function.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition in Typescript:

``` javascript
const { EventbridgeToLambdaProps, EventbridgeToLambda } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-eventbridge-lambda';

const props: EventbridgeToLambdaProps = {
    lambdaFunctionProps: {
        code: lambda.Code.fromAsset(`${__dirname}/lambda`),
        runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_12_X,
        handler: 'index.handler'
    },
    eventRuleProps: {
      schedule: events.Schedule.rate(Duration.minutes(5))
    }
};

new EventbridgeToLambda(this, 'test-eventbridge-lambda', props);
```

## Initializer

``` text
new EventbridgeToLambda(scope: Construct, id: string, props: EventbridgeToLambdaProps);
```

_Parameters_

* scope [`Construct`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_core.Construct.html)
* id `string`
* props [`EventbridgeToLambdaProps`](#pattern-construct-props)

## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|existingLambdaObj?|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|Existing instance of Lambda Function object, providing both this and `lambdaFunctionProps` will cause an error.|
|lambdaFunctionProps?|[`lambda.FunctionProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.FunctionProps.html)|User provided props to override the default props for the Lambda function.|
|eventRuleProps|[`events.RuleProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.RuleProps.html)|User provided eventRuleProps to override the defaults|

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|eventsRule|[`events.Rule`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.Rule.html)|Returns an instance of events.Rule created by the construct|
|lambdaFunction|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|Returns an instance of lambda.Function created by the construct|

## Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

### Amazon EventBridge Rule
* Grant least privilege permissions to EventBridge rule to trigger the Lambda Function

### AWS Lambda Function
* Configure limited privilege access IAM role for Lambda function
* Enable reusing connections with Keep-Alive for NodeJs Lambda function
* Enable X-Ray Tracing
* Set Environment Variables
  * AWS_NODEJS_CONNECTION_REUSE_ENABLED (for Node 10.x and higher functions)

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright 2021 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

enhanced construct to support custom EventBus

source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-eventbridge-lambda/README.md, after:

# aws-eventbridge-lambda module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![Stability: Experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Experimental-important.svg?style=for-the-badge)

> All classes are under active development and subject to non-backward compatible changes or removal in any
> future version. These are not subject to the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) model.
> This means that while you may use them, you may need to update your source code when upgrading to a newer version of this package.

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_eventbridge_lambda`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-eventbridge-lambda`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.eventbridgelambda`|

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an AWS EventBridge rule and an AWS Lambda function.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition in Typescript:

``` javascript
const { EventbridgeToLambdaProps, EventbridgeToLambda } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-eventbridge-lambda';

const props: EventbridgeToLambdaProps = {
    lambdaFunctionProps: {
        code: lambda.Code.fromAsset(`${__dirname}/lambda`),
        runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_12_X,
        handler: 'index.handler'
    },
    eventRuleProps: {
      schedule: events.Schedule.rate(Duration.minutes(5))
    }
};

new EventbridgeToLambda(this, 'test-eventbridge-lambda', props);
```

## Initializer

``` text
new EventbridgeToLambda(scope: Construct, id: string, props: EventbridgeToLambdaProps);
```

_Parameters_

* scope [`Construct`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_core.Construct.html)
* id `string`
* props [`EventbridgeToLambdaProps`](#pattern-construct-props)

## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|existingLambdaObj?|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|Existing instance of Lambda Function object, providing both this and `lambdaFunctionProps` will cause an error.|
|lambdaFunctionProps?|[`lambda.FunctionProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.FunctionProps.html)|User provided props to override the default props for the Lambda function.|
|existingEventBus?|[`events.IEventBus`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.EventBus.html)|Existing instance of a custom EventBus, uses `Default` EventBus if this property is not set. Providing this and `eventBusProps` results an error.|
|eventBusProps?|[`events.EventBusProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.EventBusProps.html)|A new custom EventBus is created with provided props. Providing this and `existingEventBus` results an error.|
|eventRuleProps|[`events.RuleProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.RuleProps.html)|User provided eventRuleProps to override the defaults|

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|eventBus|[`events.EventBus`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.EventBus.html)|Returns an instance of events.EventBus used by the construct|
|eventsRule|[`events.Rule`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.Rule.html)|Returns an instance of events.Rule created by the construct|
|lambdaFunction|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|Returns an instance of lambda.Function created by the construct|

## Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

### Amazon EventBridge Rule
* Grant least privilege permissions to EventBridge rule created on `Default` EventBus to trigger the Lambda Function

### AWS Lambda Function
* Configure limited privilege access IAM role for Lambda function
* Enable reusing connections with Keep-Alive for NodeJs Lambda function
* Enable X-Ray Tracing
* Set Environment Variables
  * AWS_NODEJS_CONNECTION_REUSE_ENABLED (for Node 10.x and higher functions)

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright 2021 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
