source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-iot-kinesisfirehose-s3/README.md, before:

# aws-iot-kinesisfirehose-s3 module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![Stability: Experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Experimental-important.svg?style=for-the-badge)

> All classes are under active development and subject to non-backward compatible changes or removal in any
> future version. These are not subject to the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) model.
> This means that while you may use them, you may need to update your source code when upgrading to a newer version of this package.

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_iot_kinesisfirehose_s3`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-iot-kinesisfirehose-s3`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.iotkinesisfirehoses3`|

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an AWS IoT MQTT topic rule to send data to an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream connected to an Amazon S3 bucket.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition in Typescript:

``` javascript
const { IotToKinesisFirehoseToS3Props, IotToKinesisFirehoseToS3 } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-iot-kinesisfirehose-s3';

const props: IotToKinesisFirehoseToS3Props = {
    iotTopicRuleProps: {
        topicRulePayload: {
            ruleDisabled: false,
            description: "Persistent storage of connected vehicle telematics data",
            sql: "SELECT * FROM 'connectedcar/telemetry/#'",
            actions: []
        }
    }
};

new IotToKinesisFirehoseToS3(this, 'test-iot-firehose-s3', props);

```

## Initializer

``` text
new IotToKinesisFirehoseToS3(scope: Construct, id: string, props: IotToKinesisFirehoseToS3Props);
```

_Parameters_

* scope [`Construct`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_core.Construct.html)
* id `string`
* props [`IotToKinesisFirehoseToS3Props`](#pattern-construct-props)

## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|iotTopicRuleProps|[`iot.CfnTopicRuleProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-iot.CfnTopicRuleProps.html)|User provided CfnTopicRuleProps to override the defaults|
|kinesisFirehoseProps?|[`kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStreamProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStreamProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for Kinesis Firehose Delivery Stream|
|existingBucketObj?|[`s3.IBucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.IBucket.html)|Existing instance of S3 Bucket object, providing both this and `bucketProps` will cause an error.|
|bucketProps?|[`s3.BucketProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.BucketProps.html)|User provided props to override the default props for the S3 Bucket. If this is provided, then also providing bucketProps is an error. |
|logGroupProps?|[`logs.LogGroupProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-logs.LogGroupProps.html)|User provided props to override the default props for for the CloudWatchLogs LogGroup.|
|loggingBucketProps?|[`s3.BucketProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.BucketProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the S3 Logging Bucket.|
|logS3AccessLogs? | boolean|Whether to turn on Access Logging for the S3 bucket. Creates an S3 bucket with associated storage costs for the logs. Enabling Access Logging is a best practice. default - true|

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|kinesisFirehose|[`kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStream`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStream.html)|Returns an instance of kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStream created by the construct|
|s3Bucket?|[`s3.Bucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.Bucket.html)|Returns an instance of s3.Bucket created by the construct|
|s3LoggingBucket?|[`s3.Bucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.Bucket.html)|Returns an instance of s3.Bucket created by the construct as the logging bucket for the primary bucket.|
|iotTopicRule|[`iot.CfnTopicRule`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-iot.CfnTopicRule.html)|Returns an instance of iot.CfnTopicRule created by the construct|
|iotActionsRole|[`iam.Role`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-iam.Role.html)|Returns an instance of the iam.Role created by the construct for IoT Rule|
|kinesisFirehoseRole|[`iam.Role`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-iam.Role.html)|Returns an instance of the iam.Role created by the construct for Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream|
|kinesisFirehoseLogGroup|[`logs.LogGroup`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-logs.LogGroup.html)|Returns an instance of the LogGroup created by the construct for Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream|
|s3BucketInterface|[`s3.IBucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.IBucket.html)|Returns an instance of s3.IBucket created by the construct|

## Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

### Amazon IoT Rule
* Configure least privilege access IAM role for Amazon IoT

### Amazon Kinesis Firehose
* Enable CloudWatch logging for Kinesis Firehose
* Configure least privilege access IAM role for Amazon Kinesis Firehose

### Amazon S3 Bucket
* Configure Access logging for S3 Bucket
* Enable server-side encryption for S3 Bucket using AWS managed KMS Key
* Enforce encryption of data in transit
* Turn on the versioning for S3 Bucket
* Don't allow public access for S3 Bucket
* Retain the S3 Bucket when deleting the CloudFormation stack
* Applies Lifecycle rule to move noncurrent object versions to Glacier storage after 90 days

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright 2021 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

added python min deployment and removed initializers

source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-iot-kinesisfirehose-s3/README.md, after:

# aws-iot-kinesisfirehose-s3 module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![Stability: Experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Experimental-important.svg?style=for-the-badge)

> All classes are under active development and subject to non-backward compatible changes or removal in any
> future version. These are not subject to the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) model.
> This means that while you may use them, you may need to update your source code when upgrading to a newer version of this package.

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_iot_kinesisfirehose_s3`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-iot-kinesisfirehose-s3`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.iotkinesisfirehoses3`|

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an AWS IoT MQTT topic rule to send data to an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream connected to an Amazon S3 bucket.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

Typescript
``` javascript
import { IotToKinesisFirehoseToS3Props, IotToKinesisFirehoseToS3 } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-iot-kinesisfirehose-s3';

const props: IotToKinesisFirehoseToS3Props = {
    iotTopicRuleProps: {
        topicRulePayload: {
            ruleDisabled: false,
            description: "Persistent storage of connected vehicle telematics data",
            sql: "SELECT * FROM 'connectedcar/telemetry/#'",
            actions: []
        }
    }
};

new IotToKinesisFirehoseToS3(this, 'test-iot-firehose-s3', props);
```

Python
```python
from aws_solutions_constructs.aws_iot_kinesisfirehose_s3 import IotToKinesisFirehoseToS3Props, IotToKinesisFirehoseToS3
from aws_cdk import (
    aws_iot as iot
)
props = IotToKinesisFirehoseToS3Props(
    iot_topic_rule_props=iot.CfnTopicRuleProps(
        topic_rule_payload=iot.CfnTopicRule.TopicRulePayloadProperty(
            rule_disabled=False,
            description="Persistent storage of connected vehicle telematics data",
            sql="SELECT * FROM 'connectedcar/telemetry/#'",
            actions=[]
        )
    )
)

IotToKinesisFirehoseToS3(self, 'test_iot_firehose_s3', props)
```


## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|iotTopicRuleProps|[`iot.CfnTopicRuleProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-iot.CfnTopicRuleProps.html)|User provided CfnTopicRuleProps to override the defaults|
|kinesisFirehoseProps?|[`kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStreamProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStreamProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for Kinesis Firehose Delivery Stream|
|existingBucketObj?|[`s3.IBucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.IBucket.html)|Existing instance of S3 Bucket object, providing both this and `bucketProps` will cause an error.|
|bucketProps?|[`s3.BucketProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.BucketProps.html)|User provided props to override the default props for the S3 Bucket. If this is provided, then also providing bucketProps is an error. |
|logGroupProps?|[`logs.LogGroupProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-logs.LogGroupProps.html)|User provided props to override the default props for for the CloudWatchLogs LogGroup.|
|loggingBucketProps?|[`s3.BucketProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.BucketProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the S3 Logging Bucket.|
|logS3AccessLogs? | boolean|Whether to turn on Access Logging for the S3 bucket. Creates an S3 bucket with associated storage costs for the logs. Enabling Access Logging is a best practice. default - true|

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|kinesisFirehose|[`kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStream`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStream.html)|Returns an instance of kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStream created by the construct|
|s3Bucket?|[`s3.Bucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.Bucket.html)|Returns an instance of s3.Bucket created by the construct|
|s3LoggingBucket?|[`s3.Bucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.Bucket.html)|Returns an instance of s3.Bucket created by the construct as the logging bucket for the primary bucket.|
|iotTopicRule|[`iot.CfnTopicRule`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-iot.CfnTopicRule.html)|Returns an instance of iot.CfnTopicRule created by the construct|
|iotActionsRole|[`iam.Role`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-iam.Role.html)|Returns an instance of the iam.Role created by the construct for IoT Rule|
|kinesisFirehoseRole|[`iam.Role`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-iam.Role.html)|Returns an instance of the iam.Role created by the construct for Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream|
|kinesisFirehoseLogGroup|[`logs.LogGroup`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-logs.LogGroup.html)|Returns an instance of the LogGroup created by the construct for Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream|
|s3BucketInterface|[`s3.IBucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.IBucket.html)|Returns an instance of s3.IBucket created by the construct|

## Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

### Amazon IoT Rule
* Configure least privilege access IAM role for Amazon IoT

### Amazon Kinesis Firehose
* Enable CloudWatch logging for Kinesis Firehose
* Configure least privilege access IAM role for Amazon Kinesis Firehose

### Amazon S3 Bucket
* Configure Access logging for S3 Bucket
* Enable server-side encryption for S3 Bucket using AWS managed KMS Key
* Enforce encryption of data in transit
* Turn on the versioning for S3 Bucket
* Don't allow public access for S3 Bucket
* Retain the S3 Bucket when deleting the CloudFormation stack
* Applies Lifecycle rule to move noncurrent object versions to Glacier storage after 90 days

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright 2021 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
