source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-kinesisstreams-lambda/README.md, before:

# aws-kinesisstreams-lambda module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![Stability: Experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Experimental-important.svg?style=for-the-badge)

> All classes are under active development and subject to non-backward compatible changes or removal in any
> future version. These are not subject to the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) model.
> This means that while you may use them, you may need to update your source code when upgrading to a newer version of this package.

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_kinesisstreams_lambda`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-kinesisstreams-lambda`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.kinesisstreamslambda`|

This AWS Solutions Construct deploys a Kinesis Stream and Lambda function with the appropriate resources/properties for interaction and security.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

``` javascript
const { KinesisStreamsToLambda } = require('@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-kinesisstreams-lambda');

new KinesisStreamsToLambda(stack, 'KinesisToLambdaPattern', {
    eventSourceProps: {
        startingPosition: lambda.StartingPosition.TRIM_HORIZON,
        batchSize: 1
    },
    lambdaFunctionProps: {
        runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_10_X,
        handler: 'index.handler',
        code: lambda.Code.asset(`${__dirname}/lambda`)
    }
});

```

## Initializer

``` text
new KinesisStreamsToLambda(scope: Construct, id: string, props: KinesisStreamsToLambdaProps);
```

_Parameters_

* scope [`Construct`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_core.Construct.html)
* id `string`
* props [`KinesisStreamsToLambdaProps`](#pattern-construct-props)

## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|existingLambdaObj?|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|Existing instance of Lambda Function object, if this is set then the lambdaFunctionProps is ignored.|
|lambdaFunctionProps?|[`lambda.FunctionProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.FunctionProps.html)|User provided props to override the default props for the Lambda function.|
|kinesisStreamProps?|[`kinesis.StreamProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-kinesis.StreamProps.html)|Optional user-provided props to override the default props for the Kinesis stream.|
|eventSourceProps?|[`lambda.EventSourceMappingOptions`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.EventSourceMappingOptions.html)|Optional user-provided props to override the default props for the Lambda event source mapping.|

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|kinesisStream|[`kinesis.Stream`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-kinesis.Stream.html)|Returns an instance of the Kinesis stream created by the pattern.|
|lambdaFunction|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|Returns an instance of the Lambda function created by the pattern.|
|kinesisStreamRole|[`iam.Role`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-iam.Role.html)|Returns an instance of the iam.Role created by the construct for Kinesis stream.|

## Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

### Amazon Kinesis Stream
* Configure least privilege access IAM role for Kinesis Stream
* Enable server-side encryption for Kinesis Stream using AWS Managed KMS Key

### AWS Lambda Function
* Configure least privilege access IAM role for Lambda function
* Enable reusing connections with Keep-Alive for NodeJs Lambda function
* Enable X-Ray Tracing

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright 2020 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

feat(aws-kinesisstreams-lambda): Add ability to bring-your-own Kinesis Stream to this pattern (#60)
BREAKING CHANGE: DefaultKinesisEventSourceProps was removed from lambda-event-source-mapping-defaults and replaced with KinesisEventSourceProps. This now follows the same behavior as the aws-dynamodb-stream-lambda and aws-s3-lambda patterns (which use DynamoEventSourceProps and S3EventSourceProps instead of EventSourceMappingOptions)

Co-authored-by: Daniel Pinheiro <dspin@amazon.com>

source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-kinesisstreams-lambda/README.md, after:

# aws-kinesisstreams-lambda module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![Stability: Experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Experimental-important.svg?style=for-the-badge)

> All classes are under active development and subject to non-backward compatible changes or removal in any
> future version. These are not subject to the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) model.
> This means that while you may use them, you may need to update your source code when upgrading to a newer version of this package.

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_kinesisstreams_lambda`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-kinesisstreams-lambda`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.kinesisstreamslambda`|

This AWS Solutions Construct deploys a Kinesis Stream and Lambda function with the appropriate resources/properties for interaction and security.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

``` javascript
const { KinesisStreamsToLambda } = require('@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-kinesisstreams-lambda');

new KinesisStreamsToLambda(stack, 'KinesisToLambdaPattern', {
    eventSourceProps: {
        startingPosition: lambda.StartingPosition.TRIM_HORIZON,
        batchSize: 1
    },
    lambdaFunctionProps: {
        runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_10_X,
        handler: 'index.handler',
        code: lambda.Code.asset(`${__dirname}/lambda`)
    }
});

```

## Initializer

``` text
new KinesisStreamsToLambda(scope: Construct, id: string, props: KinesisStreamsToLambdaProps);
```

_Parameters_

* scope [`Construct`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_core.Construct.html)
* id `string`
* props [`KinesisStreamsToLambdaProps`](#pattern-construct-props)

## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|existingLambdaObj?|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|Existing instance of Lambda Function object, if this is set then the lambdaFunctionProps is ignored.|
|lambdaFunctionProps?|[`lambda.FunctionProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.FunctionProps.html)|User provided props to override the default props for the Lambda function.|
|kinesisStreamProps?|[`kinesis.StreamProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-kinesis.StreamProps.html)|Optional user-provided props to override the default props for the Kinesis stream.|
|existingStreamObj?|[`kinesis.Stream`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-kinesis.Stream.html)|Existing instance of Kinesis Stream, if this is set then kinesisStreamProps is ignored.|
|kinesisEventSourceProps?|[`aws-lambda-event-sources.KinesisEventSourceProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda-event-sources.KinesisEventSourceProps.html)|Optional user-provided props to override the default props for the Lambda event source mapping.|

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|kinesisStream|[`kinesis.Stream`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-kinesis.Stream.html)|Returns an instance of the Kinesis stream created by the pattern.|
|lambdaFunction|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|Returns an instance of the Lambda function created by the pattern.|
|kinesisStreamRole|[`iam.Role`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-iam.Role.html)|Returns an instance of the iam.Role created by the construct for Kinesis stream.|

## Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

### Amazon Kinesis Stream
* Configure least privilege access IAM role for Kinesis Stream
* Enable server-side encryption for Kinesis Stream using AWS Managed KMS Key

### AWS Lambda Function
* Configure least privilege access IAM role for Lambda function
* Enable reusing connections with Keep-Alive for NodeJs Lambda function
* Enable X-Ray Tracing

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright 2020 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
