source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-constructs-factories/README.md, before:

# aws-constructs-factories module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![Stability: Experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Experimental-important.svg?style=for-the-badge)

> All classes are under active development and subject to non-backward compatible changes or removal in any
> future version. These are not subject to the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) model.
> This means that while you may use them, you may need to update your source code when upgrading to a newer version of this package.

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_constructs_factories`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-constructs-factories`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.constructsfactories`|

## Overview
This AWS Solutions Construct exposes the same code used to create our underlying resources as factories, so clients can create individual resources that are well-architected.
There are factories to create:

[Amazon S3 buckets](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/aws-constructs-factories.html#s3-buckets) - Create a well architected S3 bucket (e.g. - includes an access logging bucket)
[AWS Step Functions state machines](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/aws-constructs-factories.html#step-functions-state-machines) - Create a well architected Step Functions state machine and log group (e.g. log group has /aws/vendedlogs/ name prefix to avoid resource policy issues)

## S3 Buckets

Create fully well-architected S3 buckets with as little as one function call. Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

Typescript
``` typescript
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { ConstructsFactories } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-constructs-factories';

const factories = new ConstructsFactories(this, 'MyFactories');

factories.s3BucketFactory('GoodBucket', {});
```

Python
``` python
from aws_cdk import (
    Stack,
)
from constructs import Construct

from aws_solutions_constructs import (
    aws_constructs_factories as cf
)

factories = cf.ConstructsFactories(self, 'MyFactories')
factories.s3_bucket_factory('GoodBucket')
```

Java
``` java
import software.constructs.Construct;
import software.amazon.awscdk.Stack;
import software.amazon.awscdk.StackProps;

import software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.constructsfactories.ConstructsFactories;
import software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.constructsfactories.S3BucketFactoryProps;

final ConstructsFactories factories = new ConstructsFactories(this, "MyFactories");
factories.s3BucketFactory("GoodBucket", 
  new S3BucketFactoryProps.Builder().build());
```

# S3BucketFactory Function Signature

``` typescript
s3BucketFactory(id: string, props: S3BucketFactoryProps): S3BucketFactoryResponse
```

# S3BucketFactoryProps

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|bucketProps?|[`s3.BucketProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.BucketProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the S3 Bucket.|
|logS3AccessLogs?|`boolean`|Whether to turn on Access Logging for the S3 bucket. Creates an S3 bucket with associated storage costs for the logs. Enabling Access Logging is a best practice. default - true|
|loggingBucketProps?|[`s3.BucketProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.BucketProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the S3 Logging Bucket.|

# S3BucketFactoryResponse

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|s3Bucket|[`s3.Bucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.Bucket.html)|The s3.Bucket created by the factory. |
|s3LoggingBucket?|[`s3.Bucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.Bucket.html)|The s3.Bucket created by the construct as the logging bucket for the primary bucket. If the logS3AccessLogs property is false, this value will be undefined.|

# Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

* An S3 Content Bucket
  * AWS managed Server Side Encryption (AES256)
  * Lifecycle rule to transition objects to Glacier storage class in 90 days
  * Access Logging enabled
  * All Public access blocked
  * Versioning enabled
  * UpdateReplacePolicy is delete
  * Deletion policy is delete
  * Bucket policy requiring SecureTransport
* An S3 Bucket for Access Logs
  * AWS managed Server Side Encryption (AES256)
  * All public access blocked
  * Versioning enabled
  * UpdateReplacePolicy is delete
  * Deletion policy is delete
  * Bucket policy requiring SecureTransport
  * Bucket policy granting PutObject privileges to the S3 logging service, from the content bucket in the content bucket account.
  * cfn_nag suppression of access logging finding (not logging access to the access log bucket)

# Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

## Step Functions State Machines

Create fully well-architected Step Functions state machine with log group. The log group name includes the vendedlogs prefix. Here
but is unique to the stack, avoiding naming collions between instances. is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

Typescript
``` typescript
import { App, Stack } from "aws-cdk-lib";
import { ConstructsFactories } from "../../lib";
import { generateIntegStackName, CreateTestStateMachineDefinitionBody } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/core';
import { IntegTest } from '@aws-cdk/integ-tests-alpha';

const placeholderTask = new sftasks.EvaluateExpression(this, 'placeholder', {
  expression: '$.argOne + $.argTwo'
});

const factories = new ConstructsFactories(this, 'minimalImplementation');

factories.stateMachineFactory('testsm', {
  stateMachineProps: {
    definitionBody: sfn.DefinitionBody.fromChainable(placeholderTask)
  }
});
```

Python
``` python

# Pending

```

Java
``` java

// Pending

```

# stateMachineFactory Function Signature

``` typescript
stateMachineFactory(id: string, props: StateMachineFactoryProps): StateMachineFactoryResponse
```

# StateMachineFactoryProps

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|stateMachineProps|[`sfn.StateMachineProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_stepfunctions.StateMachineProps.html)|The CDK properties that define the state machine. This property is required and must include a definitionBody or definition (definition is deprecated)|
|logGroup?|[]`logs.LogGroup`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_logs.LogGroup.html)|An existing LogGroup to which the new state machine will write log entries. Default: none, the construct will create a new log group.|

# StateMachineFactoryResponse

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|stateMachineProps|[`sfn.StateMachineProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_stepfunctions.StateMachineProps.html)||
|logGroup|[]`logs.LogGroupProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_logs.LogGroupProps.html)||

# Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

* An AWS Step Functions State Machine
  * Configured to log to the new log group at LogLevel.ERROR
* Amazon CloudWatch Logs Log Group
  * Log name is prefaced with /aws/vendedlogs/ to avoid resource policy [issues](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/step-functions/latest/dg/cw-logs.html#cloudwatch-iam-policy). The Log Group name is still created to be unique to the stack to avoid name collisions. 

# Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](sf-architecture.png)

## SQS Queues

Create SQS queues complete with DLQs and KMS CMKs with one function call. Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

Typescript
``` typescript
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { ConstructsFactories } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-constructs-factories';

const factories = new ConstructsFactories(this, 'MyFactories');

factories.sqsQueueFacgory('GoodQueue', {});
```

Python
``` python
Pending
```

Java
``` java
Pendiong
```

# SqsQueueFactory Function Signature

``` typescript
SqsQueueFactory(id: string, props: SqsQueueFactoryProps): SqsQueueFactoryResponse
```

# SqsQueueFactoryProps

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|queueProps?|sqs.QueueProps|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the primary queue.|
|enableEncryptionWithCustomerManagedKey?|boolean|If no key is provided, this flag determines whether the queue is encrypted with a new CMK or an AWS managed key. This flag is ignored if any of the following are defined: queueProps.encryptionMasterKey, encryptionKey or encryptionKeyProps. default - False if queueProps.encryptionMasterKey, encryptionKey, and encryptionKeyProps are all undefined.|
|encryptionKey?|kms.Key|An optional, imported encryption key to encrypt the SQS Queue with. Default - none|
|encryptionKeyProps?|kms.KeyProps|Optional user provided properties to override the default properties for the KMS encryption key used to encrypt the SQS Queue with. @default - None|
|deployDeadLetterQueue?|boolean|Whether to deploy a secondary queue to be used as a dead letter queue.|
|deadLetterQueueProps?|sqs.QueueProps|Optional user provided properties for the dead letter queue|
|maxReceiveCount?|number|The number of times a message can be unsuccessfully dequeued before being moved to the dead letter queue. default - [code](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-solutions-constructs/blob/8b30791902e09db2f7c49410a03d5d95ccc2ef51/source/patterns/%40aws-solutions-constructs/core/lib/sqs-defaults.ts#L32)|

# SqsQueueFactoryResponse

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|queue|sqs.Queue|The queue created by the factory.|
|key|kms.IKey|The key used to encrypt the queue, if the queue was configured to use a CMK|
|deadLetterQueue?|sqs.DeadLetterQueue|The dead letter queue associated with the queue created by the factory|

# Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

* An SQS queue
  * Encrypted by default with KMS managed key by default, can be KMS CMK if flag is set
  * Only queue owner can perform operations by default (your IAM policies can override)
  * Enforced encryption for data in transit
  * DLQ configured
* An SQS dead letter queue
  * Receives messages not processable in maxReceiveCount attempts
  * Encrypted with KMS managed key
  * Enforced encryption for data in transit

# Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](sqs-architecture.png)


***
&copy; Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

feat(aws-constructs-factories): add cloudwatch alarms to factory output (#1201)
* Remove bind statement

* Add CW Alarms to State Machine Factory

* Update documentation

source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-constructs-factories/README.md, after:

# aws-constructs-factories module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![Stability: Experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Experimental-important.svg?style=for-the-badge)

> All classes are under active development and subject to non-backward compatible changes or removal in any
> future version. These are not subject to the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) model.
> This means that while you may use them, you may need to update your source code when upgrading to a newer version of this package.

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_constructs_factories`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-constructs-factories`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.constructsfactories`|

## Overview
This AWS Solutions Construct exposes the same code used to create our underlying resources as factories, so clients can create individual resources that are well-architected.
There are factories to create:

[Amazon S3 buckets](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/aws-constructs-factories.html#s3-buckets) - Create a well architected S3 bucket (e.g. - includes an access logging bucket)
[AWS Step Functions state machines](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/aws-constructs-factories.html#step-functions-state-machines) - Create a well architected Step Functions state machine and log group (e.g. log group has /aws/vendedlogs/ name prefix to avoid resource policy issues)

## S3 Buckets

Create fully well-architected S3 buckets with as little as one function call. Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

Typescript
``` typescript
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { ConstructsFactories } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-constructs-factories';

const factories = new ConstructsFactories(this, 'MyFactories');

factories.s3BucketFactory('GoodBucket', {});
```

Python
``` python
from aws_cdk import (
    Stack,
)
from constructs import Construct

from aws_solutions_constructs import (
    aws_constructs_factories as cf
)

factories = cf.ConstructsFactories(self, 'MyFactories')
factories.s3_bucket_factory('GoodBucket')
```

Java
``` java
import software.constructs.Construct;
import software.amazon.awscdk.Stack;
import software.amazon.awscdk.StackProps;

import software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.constructsfactories.ConstructsFactories;
import software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.constructsfactories.S3BucketFactoryProps;

final ConstructsFactories factories = new ConstructsFactories(this, "MyFactories");
factories.s3BucketFactory("GoodBucket", 
  new S3BucketFactoryProps.Builder().build());
```

# S3BucketFactory Function Signature

``` typescript
s3BucketFactory(id: string, props: S3BucketFactoryProps): S3BucketFactoryResponse
```

# S3BucketFactoryProps

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|bucketProps?|[`s3.BucketProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.BucketProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the S3 Bucket.|
|logS3AccessLogs?|`boolean`|Whether to turn on Access Logging for the S3 bucket. Creates an S3 bucket with associated storage costs for the logs. Enabling Access Logging is a best practice. default - true|
|loggingBucketProps?|[`s3.BucketProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.BucketProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the S3 Logging Bucket.|

# S3BucketFactoryResponse

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|s3Bucket|[`s3.Bucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.Bucket.html)|The s3.Bucket created by the factory. |
|s3LoggingBucket?|[`s3.Bucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.Bucket.html)|The s3.Bucket created by the construct as the logging bucket for the primary bucket. If the logS3AccessLogs property is false, this value will be undefined.|

# Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

* An S3 Content Bucket
  * AWS managed Server Side Encryption (AES256)
  * Lifecycle rule to transition objects to Glacier storage class in 90 days
  * Access Logging enabled
  * All Public access blocked
  * Versioning enabled
  * UpdateReplacePolicy is delete
  * Deletion policy is delete
  * Bucket policy requiring SecureTransport
* An S3 Bucket for Access Logs
  * AWS managed Server Side Encryption (AES256)
  * All public access blocked
  * Versioning enabled
  * UpdateReplacePolicy is delete
  * Deletion policy is delete
  * Bucket policy requiring SecureTransport
  * Bucket policy granting PutObject privileges to the S3 logging service, from the content bucket in the content bucket account.
  * cfn_nag suppression of access logging finding (not logging access to the access log bucket)

# Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

## Step Functions State Machines

Create fully well-architected Step Functions state machine with log group. The log group name includes the vendedlogs prefix. Here
but is unique to the stack, avoiding naming collions between instances. is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

Typescript
``` typescript
import { App, Stack } from "aws-cdk-lib";
import { ConstructsFactories } from "../../lib";
import { generateIntegStackName, CreateTestStateMachineDefinitionBody } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/core';
import { IntegTest } from '@aws-cdk/integ-tests-alpha';

const placeholderTask = new sftasks.EvaluateExpression(this, 'placeholder', {
  expression: '$.argOne + $.argTwo'
});

const factories = new ConstructsFactories(this, 'minimalImplementation');

factories.stateMachineFactory('testsm', {
  stateMachineProps: {
    definitionBody: sfn.DefinitionBody.fromChainable(placeholderTask)
  }
});
```

Python
``` python

# Pending

```

Java
``` java

// Pending

```

# stateMachineFactory Function Signature

``` typescript
stateMachineFactory(id: string, props: StateMachineFactoryProps): StateMachineFactoryResponse
```

# StateMachineFactoryProps

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|stateMachineProps|[`sfn.StateMachineProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_stepfunctions.StateMachineProps.html)|The CDK properties that define the state machine. This property is required and must include a definitionBody or definition (definition is deprecated)|
|logGroup?|[]`logs.LogGroup`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_logs.LogGroup.html)|An existing LogGroup to which the new state machine will write log entries. Default: none, the construct will create a new log group.|
|createCloudWatchAlarms?|boolean|Whether to create recommended CloudWatch alarms for the State Machine. Default: the alarms are created|
|cloudWatchAlarmsPrefix?|string|Creating multiple State Machines with one Factories construct will result in name collisions as the cloudwatch alarms originally had fixed resource ids. This value was added to avoid collisions while not making changes that would be destructive for existing stacks. Unless you are creating multiple State Machines using factories you can ignore it|

# StateMachineFactoryResponse

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|stateMachineProps|[`sfn.StateMachineProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_stepfunctions.StateMachineProps.html)||
|logGroup|[]`logs.LogGroupProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_logs.LogGroupProps.html)||
|cloudwatchAlarms?|[`cloudwatch.Alarm[]`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_cloudwatch.Alarm.html)|The alarms created by the factory (ExecutionFailed, ExecutionThrottled, ExecutionAborted)|

# Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

* An AWS Step Functions State Machine
  * Configured to log to the new log group at LogLevel.ERROR
* Amazon CloudWatch Logs Log Group
  * Log name is prefaced with /aws/vendedlogs/ to avoid resource policy [issues](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/step-functions/latest/dg/cw-logs.html#cloudwatch-iam-policy). The Log Group name is still created to be unique to the stack to avoid name collisions. 

# Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](sf-architecture.png)

## SQS Queues

Create SQS queues complete with DLQs and KMS CMKs with one function call. Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

Typescript
``` typescript
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { ConstructsFactories } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-constructs-factories';

const factories = new ConstructsFactories(this, 'MyFactories');

factories.sqsQueueFacgory('GoodQueue', {});
```

Python
``` python
Pending
```

Java
``` java
Pendiong
```

# SqsQueueFactory Function Signature

``` typescript
SqsQueueFactory(id: string, props: SqsQueueFactoryProps): SqsQueueFactoryResponse
```

# SqsQueueFactoryProps

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|queueProps?|sqs.QueueProps|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the primary queue.|
|enableEncryptionWithCustomerManagedKey?|boolean|If no key is provided, this flag determines whether the queue is encrypted with a new CMK or an AWS managed key. This flag is ignored if any of the following are defined: queueProps.encryptionMasterKey, encryptionKey or encryptionKeyProps. default - False if queueProps.encryptionMasterKey, encryptionKey, and encryptionKeyProps are all undefined.|
|encryptionKey?|kms.Key|An optional, imported encryption key to encrypt the SQS Queue with. Default - none|
|encryptionKeyProps?|kms.KeyProps|Optional user provided properties to override the default properties for the KMS encryption key used to encrypt the SQS Queue with. @default - None|
|deployDeadLetterQueue?|boolean|Whether to deploy a secondary queue to be used as a dead letter queue.|
|deadLetterQueueProps?|sqs.QueueProps|Optional user provided properties for the dead letter queue|
|maxReceiveCount?|number|The number of times a message can be unsuccessfully dequeued before being moved to the dead letter queue. default - [code](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-solutions-constructs/blob/8b30791902e09db2f7c49410a03d5d95ccc2ef51/source/patterns/%40aws-solutions-constructs/core/lib/sqs-defaults.ts#L32)|

# SqsQueueFactoryResponse

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|queue|sqs.Queue|The queue created by the factory.|
|key|kms.IKey|The key used to encrypt the queue, if the queue was configured to use a CMK|
|deadLetterQueue?|sqs.DeadLetterQueue|The dead letter queue associated with the queue created by the factory|

# Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

* An SQS queue
  * Encrypted by default with KMS managed key by default, can be KMS CMK if flag is set
  * Only queue owner can perform operations by default (your IAM policies can override)
  * Enforced encryption for data in transit
  * DLQ configured
* An SQS dead letter queue
  * Receives messages not processable in maxReceiveCount attempts
  * Encrypted with KMS managed key
  * Enforced encryption for data in transit

# Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](sqs-architecture.png)


***
&copy; Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
