source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-s3/README.md, before:

# aws-lambda-s3 module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![Stability: Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/cfn--resources-stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge)

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_lambda_s3`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-s3`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.lambdas3`|

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an AWS Lambda function connected to an Amazon S3 bucket.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition in Typescript:

``` typescript
import { LambdaToS3 } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-s3';

new LambdaToS3(this, 'LambdaToS3Pattern', {
    lambdaFunctionProps: {
        runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_14_X,
        handler: 'index.handler',
        code: lambda.Code.fromAsset(`${__dirname}/lambda`)
    }
});

```

## Initializer

``` text
new LambdaToS3(scope: Construct, id: string, props: LambdaToS3Props);
```

_Parameters_

* scope [`Construct`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_core.Construct.html)
* id `string`
* props [`LambdaToS3Props`](#pattern-construct-props)

## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|existingLambdaObj?|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|Existing instance of Lambda Function object, providing both this and `lambdaFunctionProps` will cause an error.|
|lambdaFunctionProps?|[`lambda.FunctionProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.FunctionProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the Lambda function.|
|existingBucketObj?|[`s3.IBucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.IBucket.html)|Existing instance of S3 Bucket object. If this is provided, then also providing bucketProps is an error. |
|bucketProps?|[`s3.BucketProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.BucketProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the S3 Bucket.|
|bucketPermissions?|`string[]`|Optional bucket permissions to grant to the Lambda function. One or more of the following may be specified: `Delete`, `Put`, `Read`, `ReadWrite`, `Write`.|
|existingVpc?|[`ec2.IVpc`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-ec2.IVpc.html)|An optional, existing VPC into which this pattern should be deployed. When deployed in a VPC, the Lambda function will use ENIs in the VPC to access network resources and an Interface Endpoint will be created in the VPC for Amazon SQS. If an existing VPC is provided, the `deployVpc` property cannot be `true`. This uses `ec2.IVpc` to allow clients to supply VPCs that exist outside the stack using the [`ec2.Vpc.fromLookup()`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-ec2.Vpc.html#static-fromwbrlookupscope-id-options) method.|
|vpcProps?|[`ec2.VpcProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-ec2.VpcProps.html)|Optional user provided properties to override the default properties for the new VPC. `enableDnsHostnames`, `enableDnsSupport`, `natGateways` and `subnetConfiguration` are set by the pattern, so any values for those properties supplied here will be overrriden. If `deployVpc` is not `true` then this property will be ignored.|
|deployVpc?|`boolean`|Whether to create a new VPC based on `vpcProps` into which to deploy this pattern. Setting this to true will deploy the minimal, most private VPC to run the pattern:<ul><li> One isolated subnet in each Availability Zone used by the CDK program</li><li>`enableDnsHostnames` and `enableDnsSupport` will both be set to true</li></ul>If this property is `true` then `existingVpc` cannot be specified. Defaults to `false`.|
|bucketEnvironmentVariableName?|`string`|Optional name for the S3 bucket environment variable set for the Lambda function.|
|loggingBucketProps?|[`s3.BucketProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.BucketProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the S3 Logging Bucket.|
|logS3AccessLogs?| boolean|Whether to turn on Access Logging for the S3 bucket. Creates an S3 bucket with associated storage costs for the logs. Enabling Access Logging is a best practice. default - true|

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|lambdaFunction|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|Returns an instance of the Lambda function created by the pattern.|
|s3Bucket?|[`s3.Bucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.Bucket.html)|Returns an instance of the S3 bucket created by the pattern.|
|s3LoggingBucket?|[`s3.Bucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.Bucket.html)|Returns an instance of s3.Bucket created by the construct as the logging bucket for the primary bucket.|
|vpc?|[`ec2.IVpc`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-ec2.IVpc.html)|Returns an interface on the VPC used by the pattern (if any). This may be a VPC created by the pattern or the VPC supplied to the pattern constructor.|
|s3BucketInterface|[`s3.IBucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.IBucket.html)|Returns an instance of s3.IBucket created by the construct.|

## Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

### AWS Lambda Function
* Configure limited privilege access IAM role for Lambda function
* Enable reusing connections with Keep-Alive for NodeJs Lambda function
* Enable X-Ray Tracing
* Set Environment Variables
  * (default) S3_BUCKET_NAME
  * AWS_NODEJS_CONNECTION_REUSE_ENABLED (for Node 10.x and higher functions)

### Amazon S3 Bucket
* Configure Access logging for S3 Bucket
* Enable server-side encryption for S3 Bucket using AWS managed KMS Key
* Enforce encryption of data in transit
* Turn on the versioning for S3 Bucket
* Don't allow public access for S3 Bucket
* Retain the S3 Bucket when deleting the CloudFormation stack
* Applies Lifecycle rule to move noncurrent object versions to Glacier storage after 90 days

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright 2021 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

added python min deployment and removed initializers

source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-s3/README.md, after:

# aws-lambda-s3 module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![Stability: Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/cfn--resources-stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge)

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_lambda_s3`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-s3`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.lambdas3`|

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an AWS Lambda function connected to an Amazon S3 bucket.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition :

Typescript
``` typescript
import { LambdaToS3 } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-s3';
import * as lambda from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-lambda';

new LambdaToS3(this, 'LambdaToS3Pattern', {
    lambdaFunctionProps: {
        runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_14_X,
        handler: 'index.handler',
        code: lambda.Code.fromAsset(`${__dirname}/lambda`)
    }
});
```

Python
```python
from aws_solutions_constructs.aws_lambda_s3 import LambdaToS3
from aws_cdk import (
    aws_lambda as _lambda,
)

LambdaToS3(self, 'LambdaToS3Pattern',
           lambda_function_props=_lambda.FunctionProps(
               code=_lambda.Code.from_asset('{__dirname}/lambda'),
               runtime=_lambda.Runtime.PYTHON_3_9,
               handler='index.handler'
           )
           )

```

## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|existingLambdaObj?|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|Existing instance of Lambda Function object, providing both this and `lambdaFunctionProps` will cause an error.|
|lambdaFunctionProps?|[`lambda.FunctionProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.FunctionProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the Lambda function.|
|existingBucketObj?|[`s3.IBucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.IBucket.html)|Existing instance of S3 Bucket object. If this is provided, then also providing bucketProps is an error. |
|bucketProps?|[`s3.BucketProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.BucketProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the S3 Bucket.|
|bucketPermissions?|`string[]`|Optional bucket permissions to grant to the Lambda function. One or more of the following may be specified: `Delete`, `Put`, `Read`, `ReadWrite`, `Write`.|
|existingVpc?|[`ec2.IVpc`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-ec2.IVpc.html)|An optional, existing VPC into which this pattern should be deployed. When deployed in a VPC, the Lambda function will use ENIs in the VPC to access network resources and an Interface Endpoint will be created in the VPC for Amazon SQS. If an existing VPC is provided, the `deployVpc` property cannot be `true`. This uses `ec2.IVpc` to allow clients to supply VPCs that exist outside the stack using the [`ec2.Vpc.fromLookup()`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-ec2.Vpc.html#static-fromwbrlookupscope-id-options) method.|
|vpcProps?|[`ec2.VpcProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-ec2.VpcProps.html)|Optional user provided properties to override the default properties for the new VPC. `enableDnsHostnames`, `enableDnsSupport`, `natGateways` and `subnetConfiguration` are set by the pattern, so any values for those properties supplied here will be overrriden. If `deployVpc` is not `true` then this property will be ignored.|
|deployVpc?|`boolean`|Whether to create a new VPC based on `vpcProps` into which to deploy this pattern. Setting this to true will deploy the minimal, most private VPC to run the pattern:<ul><li> One isolated subnet in each Availability Zone used by the CDK program</li><li>`enableDnsHostnames` and `enableDnsSupport` will both be set to true</li></ul>If this property is `true` then `existingVpc` cannot be specified. Defaults to `false`.|
|bucketEnvironmentVariableName?|`string`|Optional name for the S3 bucket environment variable set for the Lambda function.|
|loggingBucketProps?|[`s3.BucketProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.BucketProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the S3 Logging Bucket.|
|logS3AccessLogs?| boolean|Whether to turn on Access Logging for the S3 bucket. Creates an S3 bucket with associated storage costs for the logs. Enabling Access Logging is a best practice. default - true|

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|lambdaFunction|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|Returns an instance of the Lambda function created by the pattern.|
|s3Bucket?|[`s3.Bucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.Bucket.html)|Returns an instance of the S3 bucket created by the pattern.|
|s3LoggingBucket?|[`s3.Bucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.Bucket.html)|Returns an instance of s3.Bucket created by the construct as the logging bucket for the primary bucket.|
|vpc?|[`ec2.IVpc`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-ec2.IVpc.html)|Returns an interface on the VPC used by the pattern (if any). This may be a VPC created by the pattern or the VPC supplied to the pattern constructor.|
|s3BucketInterface|[`s3.IBucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.IBucket.html)|Returns an instance of s3.IBucket created by the construct.|

## Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

### AWS Lambda Function
* Configure limited privilege access IAM role for Lambda function
* Enable reusing connections with Keep-Alive for NodeJs Lambda function
* Enable X-Ray Tracing
* Set Environment Variables
  * (default) S3_BUCKET_NAME
  * AWS_NODEJS_CONNECTION_REUSE_ENABLED (for Node 10.x and higher functions)

### Amazon S3 Bucket
* Configure Access logging for S3 Bucket
* Enable server-side encryption for S3 Bucket using AWS managed KMS Key
* Enforce encryption of data in transit
* Turn on the versioning for S3 Bucket
* Don't allow public access for S3 Bucket
* Retain the S3 Bucket when deleting the CloudFormation stack
* Applies Lifecycle rule to move noncurrent object versions to Glacier storage after 90 days

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright 2021 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
