source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-dynamodb-stream-lambda-elasticsearch-kibana/README.md, before:

# aws-dynamodb-stream-lambda-elasticsearch-kibana module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![Stability: Deprecated](https://img.shields.io/badge/STABILITY-DEPRECATED-red?style=for-the-badge)

> Some of our early constructs don’t meet the naming standards that evolved for the library. We are releasing completely feature compatible versions with corrected names. The underlying implementation code is the same regardless of whether you deploy the construct using the old or new name. We will support both names for all 1.x releases, but in 2.x we will only publish the correctly named constructs. This construct is being replaced by the functionally identical aws-dynamodbstreams-lambda-elasticsearch-kibana.

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_dynamodb_stream_elasticsearch_kibana`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-dynamodb-stream-lambda-elasticsearch-kibana`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.dynamodbstreamlambdaelasticsearchkibana`|

This AWS Solutions Construct implements Amazon DynamoDB table with stream, AWS Lambda function and Amazon Elasticsearch Service with the least privileged permissions.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition in Typescript:

``` typescript
import { DynamoDBStreamToLambdaToElasticSearchAndKibana, DynamoDBStreamToLambdaToElasticSearchAndKibanaProps } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-dynamodb-stream-lambda-elasticsearch-kibana';
import { Aws } from "@aws-cdk/core";

const props: DynamoDBStreamToLambdaToElasticSearchAndKibanaProps = {
  lambdaFunctionProps: {
      code: lambda.Code.fromAsset(`${__dirname}/lambda`),
      runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_14_X,
      handler: 'index.handler'
  },
  domainName: 'test-domain',
  // TODO: Ensure the Cognito domain name is globally unique
  cognitoDomainName: 'globallyuniquedomain' + Aws.ACCOUNT_ID;
};

new DynamoDBStreamToLambdaToElasticSearchAndKibana(this, 'test-dynamodb-stream-lambda-elasticsearch-kibana', props);
```

## Initializer

``` text
new DynamoDBStreamToLambdaToElasticSearchAndKibana(scope: Construct, id: string, props: DynamoDBStreamToLambdaToElasticSearchAndKibanaProps);
```

_Parameters_

* scope [`Construct`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_core.Construct.html)
* id `string`
* props [`DynamoDBStreamToLambdaToElasticSearchAndKibanaProps`](#pattern-construct-props)

## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|existingLambdaObj?|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|Existing instance of Lambda Function object, providing both this and `lambdaFunctionProps` will cause an error.|
|lambdaFunctionProps?|[`lambda.FunctionProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.FunctionProps.html)|User provided props to override the default props for the Lambda function.|
|dynamoTableProps?|[`dynamodb.TableProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-dynamodb.TableProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for DynamoDB Table|
|existingTableInterface?|[`dynamodb.ITable`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-dynamodb.ITable.html)|Existing instance of DynamoDB table object or interface, providing both this and `dynamoTableProps` will cause an error.|
|dynamoEventSourceProps?|[`aws-lambda-event-sources.DynamoEventSourceProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda-event-sources.DynamoEventSourceProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for DynamoDB Event Source|
|esDomainProps?|[`elasticsearch.CfnDomainProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-elasticsearch.CfnDomainProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the Elasticsearch Service|
|domainName|`string`|Domain name for the Cognito and the Elasticsearch Service|
|createCloudWatchAlarms|`boolean`|Whether to create recommended CloudWatch alarms|

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|dynamoTableInterface|[`dynamodb.ITable`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-dynamodb.ITable.html)|Returns an instance of dynamodb.ITable created by the construct|
|dynamoTable?|[`dynamodb.Table`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-dynamodb.Table.html)|Returns an instance of dynamodb.Table created by the construct. IMPORTANT: If existingTableInterface was provided in Pattern Construct Props, this property will be `undefined`|
|lambdaFunction|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|Returns an instance of lambda.Function created by the construct|
|userPool|[`cognito.UserPool`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-cognito.UserPool.html)|Returns an instance of cognito.UserPool created by the construct|
|userPoolClient|[`cognito.UserPoolClient`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-cognito.UserPoolClient.html)|Returns an instance of cognito.UserPoolClient created by the construct|
|identityPool|[`cognito.CfnIdentityPool`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-cognito.CfnIdentityPool.html)|Returns an instance of cognito.CfnIdentityPool created by the construct|
|elasticsearchDomain|[`elasticsearch.CfnDomain`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-elasticsearch.CfnDomain.html)|Returns an instance of elasticsearch.CfnDomain created by the construct|
|elasticsearchDomain|[`iam.Role`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-iam.Role.html)|Returns an instance of iam.Role created by the construct for elasticsearch.CfnDomain|
|cloudwatchAlarms?|[`cloudwatch.Alarm[]`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-cloudwatch.Alarm.html)|Returns a list of cloudwatch.Alarm created by the construct|

## Lambda Function

This pattern requires a lambda function that can post data into the Elasticsearch from DynamoDB stream. A sample function is provided [here](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-solutions-constructs/blob/master/source/patterns/%40aws-solutions-constructs/aws-dynamodb-stream-lambda-elasticsearch-kibana/test/lambda/index.js).

## Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

### Amazon DynamoDB Table
* Set the billing mode for DynamoDB Table to On-Demand (Pay per request)
* Enable server-side encryption for DynamoDB Table using AWS managed KMS Key
* Creates a partition key called 'id' for DynamoDB Table
* Retain the Table when deleting the CloudFormation stack
* Enable continuous backups and point-in-time recovery

### AWS Lambda Function
* Configure limited privilege access IAM role for Lambda function
* Enable reusing connections with Keep-Alive for NodeJs Lambda function
* Enable X-Ray Tracing
* Enable Failure-Handling features like enable bisect on function Error, set defaults for Maximum Record Age (24 hours) & Maximum Retry Attempts (500) and deploy SQS dead-letter queue as destination on failure
* Set Environment Variables
  * AWS_NODEJS_CONNECTION_REUSE_ENABLED (for Node 10.x and higher functions)

### Amazon Cognito
* Set password policy for User Pools
* Enforce the advanced security mode for User Pools

### Amazon Elasticsearch Service
* Deploy best practices CloudWatch Alarms for the Elasticsearch Domain
* Secure the Kibana dashboard access with Cognito User Pools
* Enable server-side encryption for Elasticsearch Domain using AWS managed KMS Key
* Enable node-to-node encryption for Elasticsearch Domain
* Configure the cluster for the Amazon ES domain

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright 2021 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

added python min deployment and removed initializers

source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-dynamodb-stream-lambda-elasticsearch-kibana/README.md, after:

# aws-dynamodb-stream-lambda-elasticsearch-kibana module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![Stability: Deprecated](https://img.shields.io/badge/STABILITY-DEPRECATED-red?style=for-the-badge)

> Some of our early constructs don’t meet the naming standards that evolved for the library. We are releasing completely feature compatible versions with corrected names. The underlying implementation code is the same regardless of whether you deploy the construct using the old or new name. We will support both names for all 1.x releases, but in 2.x we will only publish the correctly named constructs. This construct is being replaced by the functionally identical aws-dynamodbstreams-lambda-elasticsearch-kibana.

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_dynamodb_stream_elasticsearch_kibana`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-dynamodb-stream-lambda-elasticsearch-kibana`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.dynamodbstreamlambdaelasticsearchkibana`|

This AWS Solutions Construct implements Amazon DynamoDB table with stream, AWS Lambda function and Amazon Elasticsearch Service with the least privileged permissions.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

Typescript
``` typescript
import { DynamoDBStreamToLambdaToElasticSearchAndKibana, DynamoDBStreamToLambdaToElasticSearchAndKibanaProps } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-dynamodb-stream-lambda-elasticsearch-kibana';
import * as lambda from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-lambda';
import { Aws } from "@aws-cdk/core";

const props: DynamoDBStreamToLambdaToElasticSearchAndKibanaProps = {
    lambdaFunctionProps: {
        code: lambda.Code.fromAsset(`${__dirname}/lambda`),
        runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_14_X,
        handler: 'index.handler'
    },
    domainName: 'test-domain',
    // TODO: Ensure the Cognito domain name is globally unique
    cognitoDomainName: 'globallyuniquedomain' + Aws.ACCOUNT_ID
};

new DynamoDBStreamToLambdaToElasticSearchAndKibana(this, 'test-dynamodb-stream-lambda-elasticsearch-kibana', props);
```

Python
``` python
from aws_solutions_constructs.aws_dynamodb_stream_lambda_elasticsearch_kibana import DynamoDBStreamToLambdaToElasticSearchAndKibana, DynamoDBStreamToLambdaToElasticSearchAndKibanaProps
from aws_cdk.core import Aws

props = DynamoDBStreamToLambdaToElasticSearchAndKibanaProps(
    lambda_function_props=_lambda.FunctionProps(
        code=_lambda.Code.from_asset('lambda'),
        runtime=_lambda.Runtime.PYTHON_3_9,
        handler='index.handler'
    ),
    domain_name='test-domain',
    # TODO: Ensure the Cognito domain name is globally unique
    cognito_domain_name='globallyuniquedomain' + Aws.ACCOUNT_ID
)


DynamoDBStreamToLambdaToElasticSearchAndKibana(
    self, 'test-dynamodb-stream-lambda-elasticsearch-kibana', props)
```

## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|existingLambdaObj?|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|Existing instance of Lambda Function object, providing both this and `lambdaFunctionProps` will cause an error.|
|lambdaFunctionProps?|[`lambda.FunctionProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.FunctionProps.html)|User provided props to override the default props for the Lambda function.|
|dynamoTableProps?|[`dynamodb.TableProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-dynamodb.TableProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for DynamoDB Table|
|existingTableInterface?|[`dynamodb.ITable`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-dynamodb.ITable.html)|Existing instance of DynamoDB table object or interface, providing both this and `dynamoTableProps` will cause an error.|
|dynamoEventSourceProps?|[`aws-lambda-event-sources.DynamoEventSourceProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda-event-sources.DynamoEventSourceProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for DynamoDB Event Source|
|esDomainProps?|[`elasticsearch.CfnDomainProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-elasticsearch.CfnDomainProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the Elasticsearch Service|
|domainName|`string`|Domain name for the Cognito and the Elasticsearch Service|
|createCloudWatchAlarms|`boolean`|Whether to create recommended CloudWatch alarms|

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|dynamoTableInterface|[`dynamodb.ITable`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-dynamodb.ITable.html)|Returns an instance of dynamodb.ITable created by the construct|
|dynamoTable?|[`dynamodb.Table`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-dynamodb.Table.html)|Returns an instance of dynamodb.Table created by the construct. IMPORTANT: If existingTableInterface was provided in Pattern Construct Props, this property will be `undefined`|
|lambdaFunction|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|Returns an instance of lambda.Function created by the construct|
|userPool|[`cognito.UserPool`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-cognito.UserPool.html)|Returns an instance of cognito.UserPool created by the construct|
|userPoolClient|[`cognito.UserPoolClient`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-cognito.UserPoolClient.html)|Returns an instance of cognito.UserPoolClient created by the construct|
|identityPool|[`cognito.CfnIdentityPool`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-cognito.CfnIdentityPool.html)|Returns an instance of cognito.CfnIdentityPool created by the construct|
|elasticsearchDomain|[`elasticsearch.CfnDomain`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-elasticsearch.CfnDomain.html)|Returns an instance of elasticsearch.CfnDomain created by the construct|
|elasticsearchDomain|[`iam.Role`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-iam.Role.html)|Returns an instance of iam.Role created by the construct for elasticsearch.CfnDomain|
|cloudwatchAlarms?|[`cloudwatch.Alarm[]`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-cloudwatch.Alarm.html)|Returns a list of cloudwatch.Alarm created by the construct|

## Lambda Function

This pattern requires a lambda function that can post data into the Elasticsearch from DynamoDB stream. A sample function is provided [here](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-solutions-constructs/blob/master/source/patterns/%40aws-solutions-constructs/aws-dynamodb-stream-lambda-elasticsearch-kibana/test/lambda/index.js).

## Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

### Amazon DynamoDB Table
* Set the billing mode for DynamoDB Table to On-Demand (Pay per request)
* Enable server-side encryption for DynamoDB Table using AWS managed KMS Key
* Creates a partition key called 'id' for DynamoDB Table
* Retain the Table when deleting the CloudFormation stack
* Enable continuous backups and point-in-time recovery

### AWS Lambda Function
* Configure limited privilege access IAM role for Lambda function
* Enable reusing connections with Keep-Alive for NodeJs Lambda function
* Enable X-Ray Tracing
* Enable Failure-Handling features like enable bisect on function Error, set defaults for Maximum Record Age (24 hours) & Maximum Retry Attempts (500) and deploy SQS dead-letter queue as destination on failure
* Set Environment Variables
  * AWS_NODEJS_CONNECTION_REUSE_ENABLED (for Node 10.x and higher functions)

### Amazon Cognito
* Set password policy for User Pools
* Enforce the advanced security mode for User Pools

### Amazon Elasticsearch Service
* Deploy best practices CloudWatch Alarms for the Elasticsearch Domain
* Secure the Kibana dashboard access with Cognito User Pools
* Enable server-side encryption for Elasticsearch Domain using AWS managed KMS Key
* Enable node-to-node encryption for Elasticsearch Domain
* Configure the cluster for the Amazon ES domain

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright 2021 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
