source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-fargate-stepfunctions/README.adoc, before:

//!!NODE_ROOT <section>
//== aws-fargate-stepfunctions module

[.topic]
= aws-fargate-stepfunctions
:info_doctype: section
:info_title: aws-fargate-stepfunctions


image:https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Experimental-important.svg?style=for-the-badge[Stability:Experimental]

____
All classes are under active development and subject to non-backward
compatible changes or removal in any future version. These are not
subject to the https://semver.org/[Semantic Versioning] model. This
means that while you may use them, you may need to update your source
code when upgrading to a newer version of this package.
____

[width="100%",cols="<50%,<50%",options="header",]
|===
|*Reference Documentation*:
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/
|===

[width="100%",cols="<46%,54%",options="header",]
|===
|*Language* |*Package*
|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/images/solutions/latest/constructs/images/python32.png[Python
Logo] Python
|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_fargate_stepfunctions`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/images/solutions/latest/constructs/images/typescript32.png[Typescript
Logo] Typescript |`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-fargate-stepfunctions`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/images/solutions/latest/constructs/images/java32.png[Java
Logo] Java
|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.fargatestepfunctions`
|===

== Overview

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an AWS Fargate service that can
execute an AWS Step Functions state machine

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

====
[role="tablist"]
Typescript::
+
[source,typescript]
----
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { FargateToStepfunctions, FargateToStepfunctionsProps } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-fargate-stepfunctions';
import * as stepfunctions from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-stepfunctions';

const startState = new stepfunctions.Pass(this, 'StartState');

const constructProps: FargateToStepfunctionsProps = {
  publicApi: true,
  ecrRepositoryArn: "arn:aws:ecr:us-east-1:123456789012:repository/your-ecr-repo",
  stateMachineProps: {
      definition: startState
    }
};

new FargateToStepfunctions(this, 'test-construct', constructProps);
----

Python::
+
[source,python]
----
from aws_solutions_constructs.aws_fargate_stepfunctions import FargateToStepfunctions, FargateToStepfunctionsProps
from aws_cdk import (
    aws_stepfunctions as stepfunctions,
    Stack
)
from constructs import Construct

start_state = stepfunctions.Pass(self, 'start_state')

FargateToStepfunctions(self, 'test_construct',
            public_api=True,
            ecr_repository_arn="arn:aws:ecr:us-east-1:123456789012:repository/your-ecr-repo",
            state_machine_props=stepfunctions.StateMachineProps(
              definition=start_state))
----

Java::
+
[source,java]
----
import software.constructs.Construct;

import software.amazon.awscdk.Stack;
import software.amazon.awscdk.StackProps;
import software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.fargatestepfunctions.*;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.stepfunctions.*;

start_state = stepfunctions.Pass(self, 'start_state')

new FargateToStepfunctions(this, "test-construct", new FargateToStepfunctionsProps.Builder()
        .publicApi(true)
        .ecrRepositoryArn("arn:aws:ecr:us-east-1:123456789012:repository/your-ecr-repo")
        .stateMachineProps(new StateMachineProps.Builder()
                        .definition(startState)
                        .build()
        .build());
----
====

== Pattern Construct Props

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|publicApi |`boolean` |Whether the construct is deploying a private or
public API. This has implications for the VPC.

|vpcProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.VpcProps.html[`ec2.VpcProps`]
|Optional custom properties for a VPC the construct will create. This
VPC will be used by any Private Hosted Zone the construct creates
(that’s why loadBalancerProps and privateHostedZoneProps can’t include a
VPC). Providing both this and existingVpc causes an error.

|existingVpc?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.IVpc.html[`ec2.IVpc`]
|An existing VPC in which to deploy the construct. Providing both this
and vpcProps causes an error. If the client provides an existing load
balancer and/or existing Private Hosted Zone, those constructs must
exist in this VPC.

|clusterProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ecs.ClusterProps.html[`ecs.ClusterProps`]
|Optional properties to create a new ECS cluster. To provide an existing
cluster, use the cluster attribute of fargateServiceProps.

|ecrRepositoryArn? |`string` |The arn of an ECR Repository containing
the image to use to generate the containers. Either this or the image
property of containerDefinitionProps must be provided. format:
arn:aws:ecr:_region_:_account number_:repository/_Repository Name_

|ecrImageVersion? |`string` |The version of the image to use from the
repository. Defaults to '`Latest`'

|containerDefinitionProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ecs.ContainerDefinitionProps.html[`ecs.ContainerDefinitionProps`] {vbar} any
|Optional props to define the container created for the Fargate Service
(defaults found in fargate-defaults.ts)

|fargateTaskDefinitionProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ecs.FargateTaskDefinitionProps.html[`ecs.FargateTaskDefinitionProps`] {vbar} any
|Optional props to define the Fargate Task Definition for this construct
(defaults found in fargate-defaults.ts)

|fargateServiceProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ecs.FargateServiceProps.html[`ecs.FargateServiceProps`] {vbar} any
|Optional values to override default Fargate Task definition properties
(fargate-defaults.ts). The construct will default to launching the
service is the most isolated subnets available (precedence: Isolated,
Private and Public). Override those and other defaults here.

|existingFargateServiceObject?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ecs.FargateService.html[`ecs.FargateService`]
|A Fargate Service already instantiated (probably by another Solutions
Construct). If this is specified, then no props defining a new service
can be provided, including: ecrImageVersion, containerDefinitionProps,
fargateTaskDefinitionProps, ecrRepositoryArn, fargateServiceProps,
clusterProps

|existingContainerDefinitionObject?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ecs.ContainerDefinition.html[`ecs.ContainerDefinition`]
|A container definition already instantiated as part of a Fargate
service. This must be the container in the existingFargateServiceObject

|stateMachineProps
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_stepfunctions.StateMachineProps.html[`sfn.StateMachineProps`]
|User provided props to override the default props for sfn.StateMachine.

|createCloudWatchAlarms? |`boolean` |Whether to create recommended
CloudWatch alarms. Default is true.

|logGroupProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_logs.LogGroupProps.html[`logs.LogGroupProps`]
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for for the
CloudWatchLogs LogGroup.

|stateMachineEnvironmentVariableName? |`string` |Optional Name for the
container environment variable set to the ARN of the state machine.
Default: STATE_MACHINE_ARN
|===

== Pattern Properties

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|vpc
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.IVpc.html[`ec2.IVpc`]
|The VPC used by the construct (whether created by the construct or
provided by the client)

|service
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ecs.FargateService.html[`ecs.FargateService`]
|The AWS Fargate service used by this construct (whether created by this
construct or passed to this construct at initialization)

|container
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ecs.ContainerDefinition.html[`ecs.ContainerDefinition`]
|The container associated with the AWS Fargate service in the service
property.

|stateMachine
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_stepfunctions.StateMachine.html[`sfn.StateMachine`]
|Returns an instance of `sfn.StateMachine` created by the construct.

|stateMachineLogGroup
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_logs.ILogGroup.html[`logs.ILogGroup`]
|Returns an instance of the `logs.ILogGroup` created by the construct
for StateMachine.

|cloudwatchAlarms?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_cloudwatch.Alarm.html[`cloudwatch.Alarm[\]`]
|Returns a list of `cloudwatch.Alarm` created by the construct.
|===

== Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will
set the following defaults:

=== AWS Fargate Service

* Sets up an AWS Fargate service
** Uses the existing service if provided
** Creates a new service if none provided.
*** Service will run in isolated subnets if available, then private
subnets if available and finally public subnets
* Adds an environment variable to the container containing the ARN of
the state machine
** Default name is `STATE_MACHINE_ARN`
* Add permissions to the container IAM role allowing it to start the
execution of a state machine

=== AWS Step Functions

* Sets up an AWS Step Functions state machine
** Uses an existing state machine if one is provided, otherwise creates
a new one
* Adds an Interface Endpoint to the VPC for Step Functions (the service
by default runs in Isolated or Private subnets)
* Enables CloudWatch logging

== Architecture


image::aws-fargate-stepfunctions.png["Diagram showing the Fargate service, State Machine, log group and IAM roles created by the construct",scaledwidth=100%]

// github block

'''''

© Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

chore(cdk): update to latest version (#1454)
* Update to CDK v2.235.0, allow for ILogGroupRef change

* Address CfnGuard issue

* CDK v2.236.0

source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-fargate-stepfunctions/README.adoc, after:

//!!NODE_ROOT <section>
//== aws-fargate-stepfunctions module

[.topic]
= aws-fargate-stepfunctions
:info_doctype: section
:info_title: aws-fargate-stepfunctions


image:https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Experimental-important.svg?style=for-the-badge[Stability:Experimental]

____
All classes are under active development and subject to non-backward
compatible changes or removal in any future version. These are not
subject to the https://semver.org/[Semantic Versioning] model. This
means that while you may use them, you may need to update your source
code when upgrading to a newer version of this package.
____

[width="100%",cols="<50%,<50%",options="header",]
|===
|*Reference Documentation*:
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/
|===

[width="100%",cols="<46%,54%",options="header",]
|===
|*Language* |*Package*
|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/images/solutions/latest/constructs/images/python32.png[Python
Logo] Python
|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_fargate_stepfunctions`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/images/solutions/latest/constructs/images/typescript32.png[Typescript
Logo] Typescript |`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-fargate-stepfunctions`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/images/solutions/latest/constructs/images/java32.png[Java
Logo] Java
|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.fargatestepfunctions`
|===

== Overview

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an AWS Fargate service that can
execute an AWS Step Functions state machine

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

====
[role="tablist"]
Typescript::
+
[source,typescript]
----
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { FargateToStepfunctions, FargateToStepfunctionsProps } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-fargate-stepfunctions';
import * as stepfunctions from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-stepfunctions';

const startState = new stepfunctions.Pass(this, 'StartState');

const constructProps: FargateToStepfunctionsProps = {
  publicApi: true,
  ecrRepositoryArn: "arn:aws:ecr:us-east-1:123456789012:repository/your-ecr-repo",
  stateMachineProps: {
      definition: startState
    }
};

new FargateToStepfunctions(this, 'test-construct', constructProps);
----

Python::
+
[source,python]
----
from aws_solutions_constructs.aws_fargate_stepfunctions import FargateToStepfunctions, FargateToStepfunctionsProps
from aws_cdk import (
    aws_stepfunctions as stepfunctions,
    Stack
)
from constructs import Construct

start_state = stepfunctions.Pass(self, 'start_state')

FargateToStepfunctions(self, 'test_construct',
            public_api=True,
            ecr_repository_arn="arn:aws:ecr:us-east-1:123456789012:repository/your-ecr-repo",
            state_machine_props=stepfunctions.StateMachineProps(
              definition=start_state))
----

Java::
+
[source,java]
----
import software.constructs.Construct;

import software.amazon.awscdk.Stack;
import software.amazon.awscdk.StackProps;
import software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.fargatestepfunctions.*;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.stepfunctions.*;

start_state = stepfunctions.Pass(self, 'start_state')

new FargateToStepfunctions(this, "test-construct", new FargateToStepfunctionsProps.Builder()
        .publicApi(true)
        .ecrRepositoryArn("arn:aws:ecr:us-east-1:123456789012:repository/your-ecr-repo")
        .stateMachineProps(new StateMachineProps.Builder()
                        .definition(startState)
                        .build()
        .build());
----
====

== Pattern Construct Props

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|publicApi |`boolean` |Whether the construct is deploying a private or
public API. This has implications for the VPC.

|vpcProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.VpcProps.html[`ec2.VpcProps`]
|Optional custom properties for a VPC the construct will create. This
VPC will be used by any Private Hosted Zone the construct creates
(that’s why loadBalancerProps and privateHostedZoneProps can’t include a
VPC). Providing both this and existingVpc causes an error.

|existingVpc?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.IVpc.html[`ec2.IVpc`]
|An existing VPC in which to deploy the construct. Providing both this
and vpcProps causes an error. If the client provides an existing load
balancer and/or existing Private Hosted Zone, those constructs must
exist in this VPC.

|clusterProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ecs.ClusterProps.html[`ecs.ClusterProps`]
|Optional properties to create a new ECS cluster. To provide an existing
cluster, use the cluster attribute of fargateServiceProps.

|ecrRepositoryArn? |`string` |The arn of an ECR Repository containing
the image to use to generate the containers. Either this or the image
property of containerDefinitionProps must be provided. format:
arn:aws:ecr:_region_:_account number_:repository/_Repository Name_

|ecrImageVersion? |`string` |The version of the image to use from the
repository. Defaults to '`Latest`'

|containerDefinitionProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ecs.ContainerDefinitionProps.html[`ecs.ContainerDefinitionProps`] {vbar} any
|Optional props to define the container created for the Fargate Service
(defaults found in fargate-defaults.ts)

|fargateTaskDefinitionProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ecs.FargateTaskDefinitionProps.html[`ecs.FargateTaskDefinitionProps`] {vbar} any
|Optional props to define the Fargate Task Definition for this construct
(defaults found in fargate-defaults.ts)

|fargateServiceProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ecs.FargateServiceProps.html[`ecs.FargateServiceProps`] {vbar} any
|Optional values to override default Fargate Task definition properties
(fargate-defaults.ts). The construct will default to launching the
service is the most isolated subnets available (precedence: Isolated,
Private and Public). Override those and other defaults here.

|existingFargateServiceObject?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ecs.FargateService.html[`ecs.FargateService`]
|A Fargate Service already instantiated (probably by another Solutions
Construct). If this is specified, then no props defining a new service
can be provided, including: ecrImageVersion, containerDefinitionProps,
fargateTaskDefinitionProps, ecrRepositoryArn, fargateServiceProps,
clusterProps

|existingContainerDefinitionObject?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ecs.ContainerDefinition.html[`ecs.ContainerDefinition`]
|A container definition already instantiated as part of a Fargate
service. This must be the container in the existingFargateServiceObject

|stateMachineProps
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_stepfunctions.StateMachineProps.html[`sfn.StateMachineProps`]
|User provided props for the sfn.StateMachine. This or existingStateMachine is required. If you provide
a value for logs.destination, it must be an ILogGroup even though the prop type is ILogGroupRef. The CDK
change to ILogGroupRef in v2.235.0 is incompatible with our interface without introducing breaking changes,
so we still require an ILogGroup (as this implements ILogGroupRef, you can just assign it to logs.destination)

|createCloudWatchAlarms? |`boolean` |Whether to create recommended
CloudWatch alarms. Default is true.

|logGroupProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_logs.LogGroupProps.html[`logs.LogGroupProps`]
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for for the
CloudWatchLogs LogGroup.

|stateMachineEnvironmentVariableName? |`string` |Optional Name for the
container environment variable set to the ARN of the state machine.
Default: STATE_MACHINE_ARN
|===

== Pattern Properties

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|vpc
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.IVpc.html[`ec2.IVpc`]
|The VPC used by the construct (whether created by the construct or
provided by the client)

|service
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ecs.FargateService.html[`ecs.FargateService`]
|The AWS Fargate service used by this construct (whether created by this
construct or passed to this construct at initialization)

|container
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ecs.ContainerDefinition.html[`ecs.ContainerDefinition`]
|The container associated with the AWS Fargate service in the service
property.

|stateMachine
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_stepfunctions.StateMachine.html[`sfn.StateMachine`]
|Returns an instance of `sfn.StateMachine` created by the construct.

|stateMachineLogGroup
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_logs.ILogGroup.html[`logs.ILogGroup`]
|Returns an instance of the `logs.ILogGroup` created by the construct
for StateMachine.

|cloudwatchAlarms?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_cloudwatch.Alarm.html[`cloudwatch.Alarm[\]`]
|Returns a list of `cloudwatch.Alarm` created by the construct.
|===

== Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will
set the following defaults:

=== AWS Fargate Service

* Sets up an AWS Fargate service
** Uses the existing service if provided
** Creates a new service if none provided.
*** Service will run in isolated subnets if available, then private
subnets if available and finally public subnets
* Adds an environment variable to the container containing the ARN of
the state machine
** Default name is `STATE_MACHINE_ARN`
* Add permissions to the container IAM role allowing it to start the
execution of a state machine

=== AWS Step Functions

* Sets up an AWS Step Functions state machine
** Uses an existing state machine if one is provided, otherwise creates
a new one
* Adds an Interface Endpoint to the VPC for Step Functions (the service
by default runs in Isolated or Private subnets)
* Enables CloudWatch logging

== Architecture


image::aws-fargate-stepfunctions.png["Diagram showing the Fargate service, State Machine, log group and IAM roles created by the construct",scaledwidth=100%]

// github block

'''''

© Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
