source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-dynamodb-stream-lambda/README.md, before:

# aws-dynamodb-stream-lambda module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![Stability: Experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Experimental-important.svg?style=for-the-badge)

> All classes are under active development and subject to non-backward compatible changes or removal in any
> future version. These are not subject to the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) model.
> This means that while you may use them, you may need to update your source code when upgrading to a newer version of this package.

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_dynamodb_stream_lambda`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-dynamodb-stream-lambda`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.dynamodbstreamlambda`|

This AWS Solutions Construct implements a pattern Amazon DynamoDB table with stream to invoke the AWS Lambda function  with the least privileged permissions.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition in Typescript:

``` typescript
import { DynamoDBStreamToLambdaProps,  DynamoDBStreamToLambda} from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-dynamodb-stream-lambda';

new DynamoDBStreamToLambda(this, 'test-dynamodb-stream-lambda', {
    lambdaFunctionProps: {
        code: lambda.Code.fromAsset(`${__dirname}/lambda`),
        runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_12_X,
        handler: 'index.handler'
    },
});

```

## Initializer

``` text
new DynamoDBStreamToLambda(scope: Construct, id: string, props: DynamoDBStreamToLambdaProps);
```

_Parameters_

* scope [`Construct`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_core.Construct.html)
* id `string`
* props [`DynamoDBStreamToLambdaProps`](#pattern-construct-props)

## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|existingLambdaObj?|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|Existing instance of Lambda Function object, providing both this and `lambdaFunctionProps` will cause an error.|
|lambdaFunctionProps?|[`lambda.FunctionProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.FunctionProps.html)|User provided props to override the default props for the Lambda function.|
|dynamoTableProps?|[`dynamodb.TableProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-dynamodb.TableProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for DynamoDB Table|
|existingTableInterface?|[`dynamodb.ITable`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-dynamodb.ITable.html)|Existing instance of DynamoDB table object or interface, providing both this and `dynamoTableProps` will cause an error.|
|dynamoEventSourceProps?|[`aws-lambda-event-sources.DynamoEventSourceProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda-event-sources.DynamoEventSourceProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for DynamoDB Event Source|

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|dynamoTableInterface|[`dynamodb.ITable`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-dynamodb.ITable.html)|Returns an instance of dynamodb.ITable created by the construct|
|dynamoTable?|[`dynamodb.Table`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-dynamodb.Table.html)|Returns an instance of dynamodb.Table created by the construct. IMPORTANT: If existingTableInterface was provided in Pattern Construct Props, this property will be `undefined`|
|lambdaFunction|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|Returns an instance of lambda.Function created by the construct|

## Lambda Function

This pattern requires a lambda function that can post data into the Elasticsearch. A sample function is provided [here](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-solutions-constructs/blob/master/source/patterns/%40aws-solutions-constructs/aws-dynamodb-stream-lambda-elasticsearch-kibana/test/lambda/index.js).

## Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

### Amazon DynamoDB Table
* Set the billing mode for DynamoDB Table to On-Demand (Pay per request)
* Enable server-side encryption for DynamoDB Table using AWS managed KMS Key
* Creates a partition key called 'id' for DynamoDB Table
* Retain the Table when deleting the CloudFormation stack
* Enable continuous backups and point-in-time recovery

### AWS Lambda Function
* Configure limited privilege access IAM role for Lambda function
* Enable reusing connections with Keep-Alive for NodeJs Lambda function
* Enable X-Ray Tracing
* Enable Failure-Handling features like enable bisect on function Error, set defaults for Maximum Record Age (24 hours) & Maximum Retry Attempts (500) and deploy SQS dead-letter queue as destination on failure
* Set Environment Variables
  * AWS_NODEJS_CONNECTION_REUSE_ENABLED (for Node 10.x and higher functions)

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright 2021 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

Created wrapper in dynamodb-stream-lambda to support new construct

source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-dynamodb-stream-lambda/README.md, after:

# aws-dynamodb-stream-lambda module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---
![Stability: Deprecated](https://img.shields.io/badge/STABILITY-DEPRECATED-red?style=for-the-badge)

> Some of our early constructs don’t meet the naming standards that evolved for the library. We are releasing completely feature compatible versions with corrected names. The underlying implementation code is the same regardless of whether you deploy the construct using the old or new name. We will support both names for 

> All classes are under active development and subject to non-backward compatible changes or removal in any
> future version. These are not subject to the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) model.
> This means that while you may use them, you may need to update your source code when upgrading to a newer version of this package.

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_dynamodb_stream_lambda`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-dynamodb-stream-lambda`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.dynamodbstreamlambda`|

This AWS Solutions Construct implements a pattern Amazon DynamoDB table with stream to invoke the AWS Lambda function  with the least privileged permissions.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition in Typescript:

``` typescript
import { DynamoDBStreamToLambdaProps,  DynamoDBStreamToLambda} from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-dynamodb-stream-lambda';

new DynamoDBStreamToLambda(this, 'test-dynamodb-stream-lambda', {
    lambdaFunctionProps: {
        code: lambda.Code.fromAsset(`${__dirname}/lambda`),
        runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_12_X,
        handler: 'index.handler'
    },
});

```

## Initializer

``` text
new DynamoDBStreamToLambda(scope: Construct, id: string, props: DynamoDBStreamToLambdaProps);
```

_Parameters_

* scope [`Construct`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_core.Construct.html)
* id `string`
* props [`DynamoDBStreamToLambdaProps`](#pattern-construct-props)

## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|existingLambdaObj?|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|Existing instance of Lambda Function object, providing both this and `lambdaFunctionProps` will cause an error.|
|lambdaFunctionProps?|[`lambda.FunctionProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.FunctionProps.html)|User provided props to override the default props for the Lambda function.|
|dynamoTableProps?|[`dynamodb.TableProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-dynamodb.TableProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for DynamoDB Table|
|existingTableInterface?|[`dynamodb.ITable`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-dynamodb.ITable.html)|Existing instance of DynamoDB table object or interface, providing both this and `dynamoTableProps` will cause an error.|
|dynamoEventSourceProps?|[`aws-lambda-event-sources.DynamoEventSourceProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda-event-sources.DynamoEventSourceProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for DynamoDB Event Source|

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|dynamoTableInterface|[`dynamodb.ITable`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-dynamodb.ITable.html)|Returns an instance of dynamodb.ITable created by the construct|
|dynamoTable?|[`dynamodb.Table`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-dynamodb.Table.html)|Returns an instance of dynamodb.Table created by the construct. IMPORTANT: If existingTableInterface was provided in Pattern Construct Props, this property will be `undefined`|
|lambdaFunction|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|Returns an instance of lambda.Function created by the construct|

## Lambda Function

This pattern requires a lambda function that can post data into the Elasticsearch. A sample function is provided [here](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-solutions-constructs/blob/master/source/patterns/%40aws-solutions-constructs/aws-dynamodb-stream-lambda-elasticsearch-kibana/test/lambda/index.js).

## Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

### Amazon DynamoDB Table
* Set the billing mode for DynamoDB Table to On-Demand (Pay per request)
* Enable server-side encryption for DynamoDB Table using AWS managed KMS Key
* Creates a partition key called 'id' for DynamoDB Table
* Retain the Table when deleting the CloudFormation stack
* Enable continuous backups and point-in-time recovery

### AWS Lambda Function
* Configure limited privilege access IAM role for Lambda function
* Enable reusing connections with Keep-Alive for NodeJs Lambda function
* Enable X-Ray Tracing
* Enable Failure-Handling features like enable bisect on function Error, set defaults for Maximum Record Age (24 hours) & Maximum Retry Attempts (500) and deploy SQS dead-letter queue as destination on failure
* Set Environment Variables
  * AWS_NODEJS_CONNECTION_REUSE_ENABLED (for Node 10.x and higher functions)

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright 2021 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
