source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-sns-sqs/README.md, before:

# aws-sns-sqs module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![Stability: Experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Experimental-important.svg?style=for-the-badge)

> All classes are under active development and subject to non-backward compatible changes or removal in any
> future version. These are not subject to the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) model.
> This means that while you may use them, you may need to update your source code when upgrading to a newer version of this package.

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_sns_sqs`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-sns-sqs`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.snssqs`|

## Overview
This AWS Solutions Construct implements an Amazon SNS topic connected to an Amazon SQS queue.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

Typescript
``` typescript
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { SnsToSqs, SnsToSqsProps } from "@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-sns-sqs";
import * as iam from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-iam';

const snsToSqsStack = new SnsToSqs(this, 'SnsToSqsPattern', {});

// Grant yourself permissions to use the Customer Managed KMS Key
const policyStatement = new iam.PolicyStatement({
    actions: ["kms:Encrypt", "kms:Decrypt"],
    effect: iam.Effect.ALLOW,
    principals: [ new iam.AccountRootPrincipal() ],
    resources: [ "*" ]
});

snsToSqsStack.encryptionKey?.addToResourcePolicy(policyStatement);
```

Python
``` python
from aws_solutions_constructs.aws_sns_sqs import SnsToSqs
from aws_cdk import (
    aws_iam as iam,
    Stack
)
from constructs import Construct

construct_stack = SnsToSqs(self, 'SnsToSqsPattern')

policy_statement = iam.PolicyStatement(
    actions=["kms:Encrypt", "kms:Decrypt"],
    effect=iam.Effect.ALLOW,
    principals=[iam.AccountRootPrincipal()],
    resources=["*"]
)

construct_stack.encryption_key.add_to_resource_policy(policy_statement)
```

Java
``` java
import software.constructs.Construct;
import java.util.List;

import software.amazon.awscdk.Stack;
import software.amazon.awscdk.StackProps;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.iam.*;
import software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.snssqs.*;

final SnsToSqs constructStack = new SnsToSqs(this, "SnsToSqsPattern",
        new SnsToSqsProps.Builder()
                .build());

// Grant yourself permissions to use the Customer Managed KMS Key
final PolicyStatement policyStatement = PolicyStatement.Builder.create()
        .actions(List.of("kms:Encrypt", "kms:Decrypt"))
        .effect(Effect.ALLOW)
        .principals(List.of(new AccountRootPrincipal()))
        .resources(List.of("*"))
        .build();

constructStack.getEncryptionKey().addToResourcePolicy(policyStatement);
```

## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|existingTopicObj?|[`sns.Topic`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sns.Topic.html)|An optional, existing SNS topic to be used instead of the default topic. Providing both this and `topicProps` will cause an error.|
|topicProps?|[`sns.TopicProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sns.TopicProps.html)|Optional user provided properties to override the default properties for the SNS topic.|
|existingQueueObj?|[`sqs.Queue`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sqs.Queue.html)|An optional, existing SQS queue to be used instead of the default queue. Providing both this and `queueProps` will cause an error.|
|queueProps?|[`sqs.QueueProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sqs.QueueProps.html)|Optional user provided properties to override the default properties for the SQS queue.|
|deployDeadLetterQueue?|`boolean`|Whether to create a secondary queue to be used as a dead letter queue. Defaults to true.|
|deadLetterQueueProps?|[`sqs.QueueProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sqs.QueueProps.html)|Optional user-provided props to override the default props for the dead letter SQS queue.|
|maxReceiveCount?|`number`|The number of times a message can be unsuccessfully dequeued before being moved to the dead letter queue. Defaults to 15.|
|enableEncryptionWithCustomerManagedKey?|`boolean`|Use a KMS Key, either managed by this CDK app, or imported. If importing an encryption key, it must be specified in the encryptionKey property for this construct.|
|encryptionKey?|[`kms.Key`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kms.Key.html)|An optional, imported encryption key to encrypt the SQS queue, and SNS Topic.|
|encryptionKeyProps?|[`kms.KeyProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kms.KeyProps.html)|An optional, user provided properties to override the default properties for the KMS encryption key.|
|sqsSubscriptionProps?|[`subscriptions.SqsSubscriptionProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sns_subscriptions.SqsSubscriptionProps.html)|Optional user-provided props to override the default props for sqsSubscriptionProps.|

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|snsTopic|[`sns.Topic`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sns.Topic.html)|Returns an instance of the SNS topic created by the pattern.|
|encryptionKey|[`kms.Key`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kms.Key.html)|Returns an instance of kms.Key used for the SQS queue, and SNS Topic.|
|sqsQueue|[`sqs.Queue`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sqs.Queue.html)|Returns an instance of the SQS queue created by the pattern.|
|deadLetterQueue?|[`sqs.Queue`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sqs.Queue.html)|Returns an instance of the dead-letter SQS queue created by the pattern.|

## Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

### Amazon SNS Topic
* Configure least privilege access permissions for SNS Topic
* Enable server-side encryption for SNS Topic using Customer managed KMS Key
* Enforce encryption of data in transit

### Amazon SQS Queue
* Configure least privilege access permissions for SQS Queue
* Deploy SQS dead-letter queue for the source SQS Queue
* Enable server-side encryption for SQS Queue using Customer managed KMS Key
* Enforce encryption of data in transit

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright 2022 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

Standardize how encryption properties are used for SNS and SQS-based constructs.

source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-sns-sqs/README.md, after:

# aws-sns-sqs module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![Stability: Experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Experimental-important.svg?style=for-the-badge)

> All classes are under active development and subject to non-backward compatible changes or removal in any
> future version. These are not subject to the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) model.
> This means that while you may use them, you may need to update your source code when upgrading to a newer version of this package.

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_sns_sqs`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-sns-sqs`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.snssqs`|

## Overview
This AWS Solutions Construct implements an Amazon SNS topic connected to an Amazon SQS queue.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

Typescript
``` typescript
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { SnsToSqs, SnsToSqsProps } from "@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-sns-sqs";
import * as iam from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-iam';

const snsToSqsStack = new SnsToSqs(this, 'SnsToSqsPattern', {});

// Grant yourself permissions to use the Customer Managed KMS Key
const policyStatement = new iam.PolicyStatement({
    actions: ["kms:Encrypt", "kms:Decrypt"],
    effect: iam.Effect.ALLOW,
    principals: [ new iam.AccountRootPrincipal() ],
    resources: [ "*" ]
});

snsToSqsStack.encryptionKey?.addToResourcePolicy(policyStatement);
```

Python
``` python
from aws_solutions_constructs.aws_sns_sqs import SnsToSqs
from aws_cdk import (
    aws_iam as iam,
    Stack
)
from constructs import Construct

construct_stack = SnsToSqs(self, 'SnsToSqsPattern')

policy_statement = iam.PolicyStatement(
    actions=["kms:Encrypt", "kms:Decrypt"],
    effect=iam.Effect.ALLOW,
    principals=[iam.AccountRootPrincipal()],
    resources=["*"]
)

construct_stack.encryption_key.add_to_resource_policy(policy_statement)
```

Java
``` java
import software.constructs.Construct;
import java.util.List;

import software.amazon.awscdk.Stack;
import software.amazon.awscdk.StackProps;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.iam.*;
import software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.snssqs.*;

final SnsToSqs constructStack = new SnsToSqs(this, "SnsToSqsPattern",
        new SnsToSqsProps.Builder()
                .build());

// Grant yourself permissions to use the Customer Managed KMS Key
final PolicyStatement policyStatement = PolicyStatement.Builder.create()
        .actions(List.of("kms:Encrypt", "kms:Decrypt"))
        .effect(Effect.ALLOW)
        .principals(List.of(new AccountRootPrincipal()))
        .resources(List.of("*"))
        .build();

constructStack.getEncryptionKey().addToResourcePolicy(policyStatement);
```

## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|existingTopicObj?|[`sns.Topic`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sns.Topic.html)|An optional, existing SNS topic to be used instead of the default topic. Providing both this and `topicProps` will cause an error.|
|topicProps?|[`sns.TopicProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sns.TopicProps.html)|Optional user provided properties to override the default properties for the SNS topic.|
|existingQueueObj?|[`sqs.Queue`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sqs.Queue.html)|An optional, existing SQS queue to be used instead of the default queue. Providing both this and `queueProps` will cause an error.|
|queueProps?|[`sqs.QueueProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sqs.QueueProps.html)|Optional user provided properties to override the default properties for the SQS queue.|
|deployDeadLetterQueue?|`boolean`|Whether to create a secondary queue to be used as a dead letter queue. Defaults to true.|
|deadLetterQueueProps?|[`sqs.QueueProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sqs.QueueProps.html)|Optional user-provided props to override the default props for the dead letter SQS queue.|
|maxReceiveCount?|`number`|The number of times a message can be unsuccessfully dequeued before being moved to the dead letter queue. Defaults to 15.|
|enableEncryptionWithCustomerManagedKey?|`boolean`|If no key is provided, this flag determines whether the queue is encrypted with a new CMK or an AWS managed key. This flag is ignored if any of the following are defined: topicProps.masterKey, queueProps.encryptionMasterKey, encryptionKey or encryptionKeyProps.|
|encryptionKey?|[`kms.Key`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kms.Key.html)|An optional, imported encryption key to encrypt the SQS Queue and SNS Topic with.|
|encryptionKeyProps?|[`kms.KeyProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kms.Key.html#construct-props)|Optional user provided properties to override the default properties for the KMS encryption key used to encrypt the SQS queue with.|
|sqsSubscriptionProps?|[`subscriptions.SqsSubscriptionProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sns_subscriptions.SqsSubscriptionProps.html)|Optional user-provided props to override the default props for sqsSubscriptionProps.|

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|snsTopic|[`sns.Topic`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sns.Topic.html)|Returns an instance of the SNS topic created by the pattern.|
|encryptionKey|[`kms.Key`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kms.Key.html)|Returns an instance of kms.Key used for the SQS queue, and SNS Topic.|
|sqsQueue|[`sqs.Queue`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sqs.Queue.html)|Returns an instance of the SQS queue created by the pattern.|
|deadLetterQueue?|[`sqs.Queue`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sqs.Queue.html)|Returns an instance of the dead-letter SQS queue created by the pattern.|

## Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

### Amazon SNS Topic
* Configure least privilege access permissions for SNS Topic
* Enable server-side encryption for SNS Topic using Customer managed KMS Key
* Enforce encryption of data in transit

### Amazon SQS Queue
* Configure least privilege access permissions for SQS Queue
* Deploy SQS dead-letter queue for the source SQS Queue
* Enable server-side encryption for SQS Queue using Customer managed KMS Key
* Enforce encryption of data in transit

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright 2022 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
