source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-cloudfront-s3/README.md, before:

# aws-cloudfront-s3 module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![Stability: Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/cfn--resources-stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge)

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_cloudfront_s3`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-cloudfront-s3`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.cloudfronts3`|

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an AWS CloudFront fronting an AWS S3 Bucket.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition in Typescript:

``` typescript
import { CloudFrontToS3 } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-cloudfront-s3';

new CloudFrontToS3(this, 'test-cloudfront-s3', {});

```

## Initializer

``` text
new CloudFrontToS3(scope: Construct, id: string, props: CloudFrontToS3Props);
```

_Parameters_

* scope [`Construct`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_core.Construct.html)
* id `string`
* props [`CloudFrontToS3Props`](#pattern-construct-props)

## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|existingBucketObj?|[`s3.IBucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.IBucket.html)|Existing instance of S3 Bucket object or interface. If this is provided, then also providing bucketProps will cause an error. |
|bucketProps?|[`s3.BucketProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.BucketProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the S3 Bucket.|
|cloudFrontDistributionProps?|[`cloudfront.DistributionProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-cloudfront.DistributionProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for CloudFront Distribution|
|insertHttpSecurityHeaders?|`boolean`|Optional user provided props to turn on/off the automatic injection of best practice HTTP security headers in all responses from CloudFront|
|originPath?|`string`|Optional user provided props to provide an[originPath](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-cloudfront-origins.S3OriginProps.html#originpath) that CloudFront appends to the origin domain name when CloudFront requests content from the origin. The string should start with a `/`, for example: `/production`. Default value is `'/'`|
|loggingBucketProps?|[`s3.BucketProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.BucketProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the S3 Logging Bucket.|
|cloudFrontLoggingBucketProps?|[`s3.BucketProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.BucketProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the CloudFront Logging Bucket.|
|logS3AccessLogs?| boolean|Whether to turn on Access Logging for the S3 bucket. Creates an S3 bucket with associated storage costs for the logs. Enabling Access Logging is a best practice. default - true|

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|cloudFrontWebDistribution|[`cloudfront.CloudFrontWebDistribution`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-cloudfront.CloudFrontWebDistribution.html)|Returns an instance of cloudfront.CloudFrontWebDistribution created by the construct|
|cloudFrontFunction?|[`cloudfront.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-cloudfront.Function.html)|Returns an instance of the Cloudfront function created by the pattern.|
|cloudFrontLoggingBucket|[`s3.Bucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/aws-s3-readme.html)|Returns an instance of the logging bucket for CloudFront WebDistribution.|
|s3BucketInterface|[`s3.IBucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.IBucket.html)|Returns an instance of s3.IBucket created by the construct|
|s3Bucket?|[`s3.Bucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.Bucket.html)|Returns an instance of s3.Bucket created by the construct. IMPORTANT: If existingBucketObj was provided in Pattern Construct Props, this property will be `undefined`|
|s3LoggingBucket?|[`s3.Bucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.Bucket.html)|Returns an instance of s3.Bucket created by the construct as the logging bucket for the primary bucket.|

## Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

### Amazon CloudFront
* Configure Access logging for CloudFront WebDistribution
* Enable automatic injection of best practice HTTP security headers in all responses from CloudFront WebDistribution
* CloudFront originPath set to `'/'`

### Amazon S3 Bucket
* Configure Access logging for S3 Bucket
* Enable server-side encryption for S3 Bucket using AWS managed KMS Key
* Enforce encryption of data in transit
* Turn on the versioning for S3 Bucket
* Don't allow public access for S3 Bucket
* Retain the S3 Bucket when deleting the CloudFormation stack
* Applies Lifecycle rule to move noncurrent object versions to Glacier storage after 90 days

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright 2021 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

added python min deployment and removed initializers

source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-cloudfront-s3/README.md, after:

# aws-cloudfront-s3 module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![Stability: Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/cfn--resources-stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge)

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_cloudfront_s3`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-cloudfront-s3`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.cloudfronts3`|

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an AWS CloudFront fronting an AWS S3 Bucket.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

Typescript
``` typescript
import { CloudFrontToS3 } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-cloudfront-s3';

new CloudFrontToS3(this, 'test-cloudfront-s3', {});
```

Python
``` python
from aws_solutions_constructs.aws_cloudfront_s3 import CloudFrontToS3

CloudFrontToS3(self, 'test-cloudfront-s3')
```

## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|existingBucketObj?|[`s3.IBucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.IBucket.html)|Existing instance of S3 Bucket object or interface. If this is provided, then also providing bucketProps will cause an error. |
|bucketProps?|[`s3.BucketProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.BucketProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the S3 Bucket.|
|cloudFrontDistributionProps?|[`cloudfront.DistributionProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-cloudfront.DistributionProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for CloudFront Distribution|
|insertHttpSecurityHeaders?|`boolean`|Optional user provided props to turn on/off the automatic injection of best practice HTTP security headers in all responses from CloudFront|
|originPath?|`string`|Optional user provided props to provide an[originPath](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-cloudfront-origins.S3OriginProps.html#originpath) that CloudFront appends to the origin domain name when CloudFront requests content from the origin. The string should start with a `/`, for example: `/production`. Default value is `'/'`|
|loggingBucketProps?|[`s3.BucketProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.BucketProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the S3 Logging Bucket.|
|cloudFrontLoggingBucketProps?|[`s3.BucketProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.BucketProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the CloudFront Logging Bucket.|
|logS3AccessLogs?| boolean|Whether to turn on Access Logging for the S3 bucket. Creates an S3 bucket with associated storage costs for the logs. Enabling Access Logging is a best practice. default - true|

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|cloudFrontWebDistribution|[`cloudfront.CloudFrontWebDistribution`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-cloudfront.CloudFrontWebDistribution.html)|Returns an instance of cloudfront.CloudFrontWebDistribution created by the construct|
|cloudFrontFunction?|[`cloudfront.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-cloudfront.Function.html)|Returns an instance of the Cloudfront function created by the pattern.|
|cloudFrontLoggingBucket|[`s3.Bucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/aws-s3-readme.html)|Returns an instance of the logging bucket for CloudFront WebDistribution.|
|s3BucketInterface|[`s3.IBucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.IBucket.html)|Returns an instance of s3.IBucket created by the construct|
|s3Bucket?|[`s3.Bucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.Bucket.html)|Returns an instance of s3.Bucket created by the construct. IMPORTANT: If existingBucketObj was provided in Pattern Construct Props, this property will be `undefined`|
|s3LoggingBucket?|[`s3.Bucket`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-s3.Bucket.html)|Returns an instance of s3.Bucket created by the construct as the logging bucket for the primary bucket.|

## Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

### Amazon CloudFront
* Configure Access logging for CloudFront WebDistribution
* Enable automatic injection of best practice HTTP security headers in all responses from CloudFront WebDistribution
* CloudFront originPath set to `'/'`

### Amazon S3 Bucket
* Configure Access logging for S3 Bucket
* Enable server-side encryption for S3 Bucket using AWS managed KMS Key
* Enforce encryption of data in transit
* Turn on the versioning for S3 Bucket
* Don't allow public access for S3 Bucket
* Retain the S3 Bucket when deleting the CloudFormation stack
* Applies Lifecycle rule to move noncurrent object versions to Glacier storage after 90 days

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright 2021 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
