source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-secretsmanager/README.adoc, before:

//!!NODE_ROOT <section>
//== aws-lambda-secretsmanager module

[.topic]
= aws-lambda-secretsmanager
:info_doctype: section
:info_title: aws-lambda-secretsmanager


image:https://img.shields.io/badge/cfn--resources-stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge[Stability:Stable]

[width="100%",cols="<50%,<50%",options="header",]
|===
|*Reference Documentation*:
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/
|===

[width="100%",cols="<46%,54%",options="header",]
|===
|*Language* |*Package*
|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png[Python
Logo] Python
|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_lambda_secretsmanager`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png[Typescript
Logo] Typescript |`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-secretsmanager`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png[Java
Logo] Java
|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.lambdasecretsmanager`
|===

== Overview

This AWS Solutions Construct implements the AWS Lambda function and AWS
Secrets Manager secret with the least privileged permissions.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

====
[role="tablist"]
Typescript::
+
[source,typescript]
----
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { LambdaToSecretsmanagerProps, LambdaToSecretsmanager } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-secretsmanager';
import * as lambda from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-lambda';

const constructProps: LambdaToSecretsmanagerProps = {
  lambdaFunctionProps: {
    runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_20_X,
    code: lambda.Code.fromAsset(`lambda`),
    handler: 'index.handler'
  },
};

new LambdaToSecretsmanager(this, 'test-lambda-secretsmanager-stack', constructProps);
----

Python::
+
[source,python]
----
from aws_solutions_constructs.aws_lambda_secretsmanager import LambdaToSecretsmanagerProps, LambdaToSecretsmanager
from aws_cdk import (
    aws_lambda as _lambda,
    Stack
)
from constructs import Construct


LambdaToSecretsmanager(
    self, 'test-lambda-secretsmanager-stack',
    lambda_function_props=_lambda.FunctionProps(
        code=_lambda.Code.from_asset('lambda'),
        runtime=_lambda.Runtime.PYTHON_3_11,
        handler='index.handler'
    )
)
----

Java::
+
[source,java]
----
import software.constructs.Construct;

import software.amazon.awscdk.Stack;
import software.amazon.awscdk.StackProps;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.lambda.*;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.lambda.Runtime;
import software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.lambdasecretsmanager.*;

new LambdaToSecretsmanager(this, "test-lambda-secretsmanager-stack", new LambdaToSecretsmanagerProps.Builder()
        .lambdaFunctionProps(new FunctionProps.Builder()
                .runtime(Runtime.NODEJS_20_X)
                .code(Code.fromAsset("lambda"))
                .handler("index.handler")
                .build())
        .build());
----
====

== Pattern Construct Props

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|existingLambdaObj?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.Function.html[`lambda.Function`]
|Existing instance of Lambda Function object, providing both this and
`lambdaFunctionProps` will cause an error.

|lambdaFunctionProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.FunctionProps.html[`lambda.FunctionProps`]
|User provided props to override the default props for the Lambda
function.

|secretProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_secretsmanager.SecretProps.html[`secretsmanager.SecretProps`]
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for Secrets
Manager

|existingSecretObj?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_secretsmanager.Secret.html[`secretsmanager.Secret`]
|Existing instance of Secrets Manager Secret object, If this is set then
the secretProps is ignored

|grantWriteAccess? |`string` |Optional Access granted to the Lambda
function for the secret. '`Read`' or ’ReadWrite”. Default is "`Read`"

|secretEnvironmentVariableName? |`string` |Optional Name for the Lambda
function environment variable set to the ARN of the secret. Default:
SECRET_ARN.

|existingVpc?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.IVpc.html[`ec2.IVpc`]
|An optional, existing VPC into which this pattern should be deployed.
When deployed in a VPC, the Lambda function will use ENIs in the VPC to
access network resources and an Interface Endpoint will be created in
the VPC for AWS Secrets Manager. If an existing VPC is provided, the
`deployVpc` property cannot be `true`. This uses `ec2.IVpc` to allow
clients to supply VPCs that exist outside the stack using the
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.Vpc.html#static-fromwbrlookupscope-id-options[`ec2.Vpc.fromLookup()`]
method.

|vpcProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.VpcProps.html[`ec2.VpcProps`]
|Optional user-provided properties to override the default properties
for the new VPC. `enableDnsHostnames`, `enableDnsSupport`, `natGateways`
and `subnetConfiguration` are set by the pattern, so any values for
those properties supplied here will be overridden. If `deployVpc` is not
`true` then this property will be ignored.

|deployVpc? |`boolean` |Whether to create a new VPC based on `vpcProps`
into which to deploy this pattern. Setting this to true will deploy the
minimal, most private VPC to run the pattern:
|===

== Pattern Properties

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|lambdaFunction
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.Function.html[`lambda.Function`]
|Returns an instance of lambda.Function created by the construct

|secret
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_secretsmanager.Secret.html[`secretsmanager.Secret`]
|Returns an instance of secretsmanager.Secret created by the construct

|vpc?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.IVpc.html[`ec2.IVpc`]
|Returns an interface on the VPC used by the pattern (if any). This may
be a VPC created by the pattern or the VPC supplied to the pattern
constructor.
|===

== Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will
set the following defaults:

=== AWS Lambda Function

* Configure limited privilege access IAM role for Lambda function
* Enable reusing connections with Keep-Alive for NodeJs Lambda function
* Enable X-Ray Tracing
* Set Environment Variables
** (default) SECRET_ARN containing the ARN of the secret as return
by CDK
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_secretsmanager.Secret.html#secretarn[secretArn
property].
** AWS_NODEJS_CONNECTION_REUSE_ENABLED (for Node 10.x
and higher functions)

=== Amazon SecretsManager Secret

* Enable read-only access for the associated AWS Lambda Function
* Creates a new Secret
** (default) random name
** (default) random value
* Retain the Secret when deleting the CloudFormation stack

== Architecture


image::aws-lambda-secretsmanager.png["Diagram showing the Lambda function, Secrets Manager secret, CloudWatch log group and IAM role created by the construct",scaledwidth=100%]

// github block

'''''

© Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

chore(node): update version to 22 (#1436)
* Node 22, example links in README

* Pipes constructs refreshed

source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-secretsmanager/README.adoc, after:

//!!NODE_ROOT <section>
//== aws-lambda-secretsmanager module

[.topic]
= aws-lambda-secretsmanager
:info_doctype: section
:info_title: aws-lambda-secretsmanager


image:https://img.shields.io/badge/cfn--resources-stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge[Stability:Stable]

[width="100%",cols="<50%,<50%",options="header",]
|===
|*Reference Documentation*:
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/
|===

[width="100%",cols="<46%,54%",options="header",]
|===
|*Language* |*Package*
|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png[Python
Logo] Python
|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_lambda_secretsmanager`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png[Typescript
Logo] Typescript |`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-secretsmanager`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png[Java
Logo] Java
|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.lambdasecretsmanager`
|===

== Overview

This AWS Solutions Construct implements the AWS Lambda function and AWS
Secrets Manager secret with the least privileged permissions.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

====
[role="tablist"]
Typescript::
+
[source,typescript]
----
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { LambdaToSecretsmanagerProps, LambdaToSecretsmanager } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-secretsmanager';
import * as lambda from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-lambda';

const constructProps: LambdaToSecretsmanagerProps = {
  lambdaFunctionProps: {
    runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_22_X,
    code: lambda.Code.fromAsset(`lambda`),
    handler: 'index.handler'
  },
};

new LambdaToSecretsmanager(this, 'test-lambda-secretsmanager-stack', constructProps);
----

Python::
+
[source,python]
----
from aws_solutions_constructs.aws_lambda_secretsmanager import LambdaToSecretsmanagerProps, LambdaToSecretsmanager
from aws_cdk import (
    aws_lambda as _lambda,
    Stack
)
from constructs import Construct


LambdaToSecretsmanager(
    self, 'test-lambda-secretsmanager-stack',
    lambda_function_props=_lambda.FunctionProps(
        code=_lambda.Code.from_asset('lambda'),
        runtime=_lambda.Runtime.PYTHON_3_11,
        handler='index.handler'
    )
)
----

Java::
+
[source,java]
----
import software.constructs.Construct;

import software.amazon.awscdk.Stack;
import software.amazon.awscdk.StackProps;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.lambda.*;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.lambda.Runtime;
import software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.lambdasecretsmanager.*;

new LambdaToSecretsmanager(this, "test-lambda-secretsmanager-stack", new LambdaToSecretsmanagerProps.Builder()
        .lambdaFunctionProps(new FunctionProps.Builder()
                .runtime(Runtime.NODEJS_22_X)
                .code(Code.fromAsset("lambda"))
                .handler("index.handler")
                .build())
        .build());
----
====

== Pattern Construct Props

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|existingLambdaObj?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.Function.html[`lambda.Function`]
|Existing instance of Lambda Function object, providing both this and
`lambdaFunctionProps` will cause an error.

|lambdaFunctionProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.FunctionProps.html[`lambda.FunctionProps`]
|User provided props to override the default props for the Lambda
function.

|secretProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_secretsmanager.SecretProps.html[`secretsmanager.SecretProps`]
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for Secrets
Manager

|existingSecretObj?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_secretsmanager.Secret.html[`secretsmanager.Secret`]
|Existing instance of Secrets Manager Secret object, If this is set then
the secretProps is ignored

|grantWriteAccess? |`string` |Optional Access granted to the Lambda
function for the secret. '`Read`' or ’ReadWrite”. Default is "`Read`"

|secretEnvironmentVariableName? |`string` |Optional Name for the Lambda
function environment variable set to the ARN of the secret. Default:
SECRET_ARN.

|existingVpc?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.IVpc.html[`ec2.IVpc`]
|An optional, existing VPC into which this pattern should be deployed.
When deployed in a VPC, the Lambda function will use ENIs in the VPC to
access network resources and an Interface Endpoint will be created in
the VPC for AWS Secrets Manager. If an existing VPC is provided, the
`deployVpc` property cannot be `true`. This uses `ec2.IVpc` to allow
clients to supply VPCs that exist outside the stack using the
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.Vpc.html#static-fromwbrlookupscope-id-options[`ec2.Vpc.fromLookup()`]
method.

|vpcProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.VpcProps.html[`ec2.VpcProps`]
|Optional user-provided properties to override the default properties
for the new VPC. `enableDnsHostnames`, `enableDnsSupport`, `natGateways`
and `subnetConfiguration` are set by the pattern, so any values for
those properties supplied here will be overridden. If `deployVpc` is not
`true` then this property will be ignored.

|deployVpc? |`boolean` |Whether to create a new VPC based on `vpcProps`
into which to deploy this pattern. Setting this to true will deploy the
minimal, most private VPC to run the pattern:
|===

== Pattern Properties

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|lambdaFunction
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.Function.html[`lambda.Function`]
|Returns an instance of lambda.Function created by the construct

|secret
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_secretsmanager.Secret.html[`secretsmanager.Secret`]
|Returns an instance of secretsmanager.Secret created by the construct

|vpc?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.IVpc.html[`ec2.IVpc`]
|Returns an interface on the VPC used by the pattern (if any). This may
be a VPC created by the pattern or the VPC supplied to the pattern
constructor.
|===

== Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will
set the following defaults:

=== AWS Lambda Function

* Configure limited privilege access IAM role for Lambda function
* Enable reusing connections with Keep-Alive for NodeJs Lambda function
* Enable X-Ray Tracing
* Set Environment Variables
** (default) SECRET_ARN containing the ARN of the secret as return
by CDK
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_secretsmanager.Secret.html#secretarn[secretArn
property].
** AWS_NODEJS_CONNECTION_REUSE_ENABLED (for Node 10.x
and higher functions)

=== Amazon SecretsManager Secret

* Enable read-only access for the associated AWS Lambda Function
* Creates a new Secret
** (default) random name
** (default) random value
* Retain the Secret when deleting the CloudFormation stack

== Architecture


image::aws-lambda-secretsmanager.png["Diagram showing the Lambda function, Secrets Manager secret, CloudWatch log group and IAM role created by the construct",scaledwidth=100%]

== Example Lambda Function Implementation

While Solutions Constructs does not publish code for the Lambda function to get a Secret from Secrets Manager, there is example code available here: https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/blob/main/javascriptv3/example_code/secrets-manager/actions/get-secret-value.js['example']. (this example is in JavaScript, but examples in other languages can also be found at this site)

// github block

'''''

© Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
