source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-eventbridge-stepfunctions/README.md, before:

# aws-eventbridge-stepfunctions module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![Stability: Experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Experimental-important.svg?style=for-the-badge)

> All classes are under active development and subject to non-backward compatible changes or removal in any
> future version. These are not subject to the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) model.
> This means that while you may use them, you may need to update your source code when upgrading to a newer version of this package.

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_eventbridge_stepfunctions`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-eventbridge-stepfunctions`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.eventbridgestepfunctions`|

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an AWS Events rule and an AWS Step Functions State Machine

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition in Typescript:

``` javascript
const { EventbridgeToStepfunctions, EventbridgeToStepfunctionsProps } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-eventbridge-stepfunctions';

const startState = new stepfunctions.Pass(this, 'StartState');

const props: EventbridgeToStepfunctionsProps = {
    stateMachineProps: {
      definition: startState
    },
    eventRuleProps: {
      schedule: events.Schedule.rate(Duration.minutes(5))
    }
};

new EventbridgeToStepfunctions(stack, 'test-eventbridge-stepfunctions-stack', props);
```

## Initializer

``` text
new EventbridgeToStepfunctions(scope: Construct, id: string, props: EventbridgeToStepfunctionsProps);
```

_Parameters_

* scope [`Construct`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_core.Construct.html)
* id `string`
* props [`EventbridgeToStepfunctionsProps`](#pattern-construct-props)

## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|stateMachineProps|[`sfn.StateMachineProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-stepfunctions.StateMachineProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for sfn.StateMachine|
|eventRuleProps|[`events.RuleProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.RuleProps.html)|User provided eventRuleProps to override the defaults|
|createCloudWatchAlarms|`boolean`|Whether to create recommended CloudWatch alarms|
|logGroupProps?|[`logs.LogGroupProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-logs.LogGroupProps.html)|User provided props to override the default props for for the CloudWatchLogs LogGroup.|

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|eventsRule|[`events.Rule`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.Rule.html)|Returns an instance of events.Rule created by the construct|
|stateMachine|[`sfn.StateMachine`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-stepfunctions.StateMachine.html)|Returns an instance of sfn.StateMachine created by the construct|
|stateMachineLogGroup|[`logs.ILogGroup`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-logs.ILogGroup.html)|Returns an instance of the ILogGroup created by the construct for StateMachine|
|cloudwatchAlarms?|[`cloudwatch.Alarm[]`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-cloudwatch.Alarm.html)|Returns a list of cloudwatch.Alarm created by the construct|

## Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

### Amazon CloudWatch Events Rule
* Grant least privilege permissions to CloudWatch Events to trigger the Lambda Function

### AWS Step Function
* Enable CloudWatch logging for API Gateway
* Deploy best practices CloudWatch Alarms for the Step Function

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright 2021 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

feat(aws-eventbridge-sqs, aws-events-rule-sqs, aws-eventbridge-stepfunctions, aws-events-rule-step-function): custom EventBus support (#363)
* enhanced construct to support custom EventBus

* fix linting issues

* fix PR review comments

* refactoring and use IEventBus instead of EventBus

* enchanced aws-eventbridge-sqs construct to support custom eventbus

* enhanced aws-eventbridge-stepfunctions construct to support custom eventbus

* update the props naming convention to align with existing constructs

* updated the props documentation

* upated exisitingEventBusInterface & eventBusProps description

* upated naming convention as per other aws-evenbridge-* standards

* enhance aws-eventbridge-stepfunctions to support custom eventbus

* enhance aws-events-rule-step-function construct to support custom eventbus

* enhance aws-events-rule-sqs to support custom eventbus

* refactor

* fix viperlight issue

* refactoring to keep it consistent with other constructs

* update documentation

* fix merge issues

* remove duplicate props

Co-authored-by: santhosh <>

source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-eventbridge-stepfunctions/README.md, after:

# aws-eventbridge-stepfunctions module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![Stability: Experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Experimental-important.svg?style=for-the-badge)

> All classes are under active development and subject to non-backward compatible changes or removal in any
> future version. These are not subject to the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) model.
> This means that while you may use them, you may need to update your source code when upgrading to a newer version of this package.

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_eventbridge_stepfunctions`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-eventbridge-stepfunctions`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.eventbridgestepfunctions`|

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an AWS Events rule and an AWS Step Functions State Machine

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition in Typescript:

``` javascript
const { EventbridgeToStepfunctions, EventbridgeToStepfunctionsProps } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-eventbridge-stepfunctions';

const startState = new stepfunctions.Pass(this, 'StartState');

const props: EventbridgeToStepfunctionsProps = {
    stateMachineProps: {
      definition: startState
    },
    eventRuleProps: {
      schedule: events.Schedule.rate(Duration.minutes(5))
    }
};

new EventbridgeToStepfunctions(stack, 'test-eventbridge-stepfunctions-stack', props);
```

## Initializer

``` text
new EventbridgeToStepfunctions(scope: Construct, id: string, props: EventbridgeToStepfunctionsProps);
```

_Parameters_

* scope [`Construct`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_core.Construct.html)
* id `string`
* props [`EventbridgeToStepfunctionsProps`](#pattern-construct-props)

## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|stateMachineProps|[`sfn.StateMachineProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-stepfunctions.StateMachineProps.html)|Optional user provided props to override the default props for sfn.StateMachine|
|existingEventBusInterface?|[`events.IEventBus`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.IEventBus.html)| Optional user-provided custom EventBus for construct to use. Providing both this and `eventBusProps` results an error.|
|eventBusProps?|[`events.EventBusProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.EventBusProps.html)|Optional user-provided properties to override the default properties when creating a custom EventBus. Setting this value to `{}` will create a custom EventBus using all default properties. If neither this nor `existingEventBusInterface` is provided the construct will use the `default` EventBus. Providing both this and `existingEventBusInterface` results an error.|
|eventRuleProps|[`events.RuleProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.RuleProps.html)|User provided eventRuleProps to override the defaults|
|createCloudWatchAlarms|`boolean`|Whether to create recommended CloudWatch alarms|
|logGroupProps?|[`logs.LogGroupProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-logs.LogGroupProps.html)|User provided props to override the default props for for the CloudWatchLogs LogGroup.|

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|eventBus?|[`events.IEventBus`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.IEventBus.html)|Returns the instance of events.IEventBus used by the construct|
|eventsRule|[`events.Rule`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-events.Rule.html)|Returns an instance of events.Rule created by the construct|
|stateMachine|[`sfn.StateMachine`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-stepfunctions.StateMachine.html)|Returns an instance of sfn.StateMachine created by the construct|
|stateMachineLogGroup|[`logs.ILogGroup`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-logs.ILogGroup.html)|Returns an instance of the ILogGroup created by the construct for StateMachine|
|cloudwatchAlarms?|[`cloudwatch.Alarm[]`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-cloudwatch.Alarm.html)|Returns a list of cloudwatch.Alarm created by the construct|

## Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

### Amazon CloudWatch Events Rule
* Grant least privilege permissions to CloudWatch Events to trigger the Lambda Function

### AWS Step Function
* Enable CloudWatch logging for API Gateway
* Deploy best practices CloudWatch Alarms for the Step Function

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright 2021 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
