documentation/aws-kinesisfirehose-s3.adoc, before:

//!!NODE_ROOT <section>
//== aws-kinesisfirehose-s3 module

[.topic]
= aws-kinesisfirehose-s3
:info_doctype: section
:info_title: aws-kinesisfirehose-s3


image:https://img.shields.io/badge/cfn--resources-stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge[Stability:Stable]

[width="100%",cols="<50%,<50%",options="header",]
|===
|*Reference Documentation*:
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/
|===

[width="100%",cols="<46%,54%",options="header",]
|===
|*Language* |*Package*
|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png[Python
Logo] Python
|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_kinesis_firehose_s3`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png[Typescript
Logo] Typescript |`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-kinesisfirehose-s3`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png[Java
Logo] Java |`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.kinesisfirehoses3`
|===

== Overview

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose
delivery stream connected to an Amazon S3 bucket.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

====
[role="tablist"]
Typescript::
+
[source,typescript]
----
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { KinesisFirehoseToS3 } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-kinesisfirehose-s3';

new KinesisFirehoseToS3(this, 'test-firehose-s3', {});
----

Python::
+
[source,python]
----
from aws_solutions_constructs.aws_kinesis_firehose_s3 import KinesisFirehoseToS3
from aws_cdk import Stack
from constructs import Construct

KinesisFirehoseToS3(self, 'test_firehose_s3')
----

Java::
+
[source,java]
----
import software.constructs.Construct;

import software.amazon.awscdk.Stack;
import software.amazon.awscdk.StackProps;
import software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.kinesisfirehoses3.*;

new KinesisFirehoseToS3(this, "test_firehose_s3", new KinesisFirehoseToS3Props.Builder()
        .build());
----
====

== Pattern Construct Props

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|bucketProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.BucketProps.html[`s3.BucketProps`]
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the S3
Bucket.

|existingBucketObj?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.IBucket.html[`s3.IBucket`]
|Optional existing instance of S3 Bucket. If this is provided, then also
providing bucketProps is an error.

|existingLoggingBucketObj?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.IBucket.html[`s3.IBucket`]
|Optional existing instance of logging S3 Bucket for the S3 Bucket
created by the pattern.

|kinesisFirehoseProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStreamProps.html[`kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStreamProps`]{vbar}`any`
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for Kinesis
Firehose Delivery Stream.

|logGroupProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_logs.LogGroupProps.html[`logs.LogGroupProps`]
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for for the
CloudWatchLogs LogGroup.

|loggingBucketProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.BucketProps.html[`s3.BucketProps`]
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the S3
Logging Bucket.

|logS3AccessLogs? |boolean |Whether to turn on Access Logging for the S3
bucket. Creates an S3 bucket with associated storage costs for the logs.
Enabling Access Logging is a best practice. default - true
|===

== Pattern Properties

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|kinesisFirehose
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStream.html[`kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStream`]
|Returns an instance of kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStream created by the
construct

|kinesisFirehoseLogGroup
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_logs.LogGroup.html[`logs.LogGroup`]
|Returns an instance of the logs.LogGroup created by the construct for
Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream

|kinesisFirehoseRole
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_iam.Role.html[`iam.Role`]
|Returns an instance of the iam.Role created by the construct for
Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream

|s3Bucket?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.Bucket.html[`s3.Bucket`]
|Returns an instance of s3.Bucket created by the construct

|s3LoggingBucket?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.Bucket.html[`s3.Bucket`]
|Returns an instance of s3.Bucket created by the construct as the
logging bucket for the primary bucket

|s3BucketInterface
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.IBucket.html[`s3.IBucket`]
|Returns an instance of s3.IBucket created by the construct
|===

== Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will
set the following defaults:

=== Amazon Kinesis Firehose

* Enable CloudWatch logging for Kinesis Firehose
* Configure least privilege access IAM role for Amazon Kinesis Firehose

=== Amazon S3 Bucket

* Configure Access logging for S3 Bucket
* Enable server-side encryption for S3 Bucket using AWS managed KMS Key
* Enforce encryption of data in transit
* Turn on the versioning for S3 Bucket
* Don’t allow public access for S3 Bucket
* Retain the S3 Bucket when deleting the CloudFormation stack
* Applies Lifecycle rule to move noncurrent object versions to Glacier
storage after 90 days

== Architecture


image::images/aws-kinesisfirehose-s3.png["Diagram showing the KInesis data firehose, S3 buckets, CloudWatch log group and IAM role created by the construct",scaledwidth=100%]

== Github

Go to the https://github.com/awslabs/aws-solutions-constructs/tree/main/source/patterns/%40aws-solutions-constructs/aws-kinesisfirehose-s3[Github repo] for this pattern to view the code, read/create issues and pull requests and more.

'''''

Commit message:

feat(aws-lamda-textract): new construct (#1449)
* Store with 0.0.0 version

* Successful build/test prior to renaming topic props and making output bucket optional

* Everything works before adding temp Lambda functions for testing

* Initial Implementation

* Remove stray file

* Update topic creation to satisfy cfnGuard

* Clean up internal stuff

* New architecture diagrams

* clean

* Remove feature specific guides

* Undo changes made to lambda-translate env variables

* One more undone change

* Update permissions granted the Lambda function in the documentation

* Clarify

* Only set values when there's a bucket. Last working checkin before removing additionalPermissions

* Remove AddtionalPermissions (with '*' as the resource, it's better that client just add them to the function after it is created)

* Final cleanup

* Update language image locations

* Add language icons

* Point to our own language icons

* Publish Docs

* Update additionalPermissions prop to warn about '*' resource

* Update docs based upon PR comments

* Publish Docs

* Fixed 'causes an error' stragglers

* Published docs

* Drop trailing space

documentation/aws-kinesisfirehose-s3.adoc, after:

//!!NODE_ROOT <section>
//== aws-kinesisfirehose-s3 module

[.topic]
= aws-kinesisfirehose-s3
:info_doctype: section
:info_title: aws-kinesisfirehose-s3


image:https://img.shields.io/badge/cfn--resources-stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge[Stability:Stable]

[width="100%",cols="<50%,<50%",options="header",]
|===
|*Reference Documentation*:
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/
|===

[width="100%",cols="<46%,54%",options="header",]
|===
|*Language* |*Package*
|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/images/solutions/latest/constructs/images/python32.png[Python
Logo] Python
|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_kinesis_firehose_s3`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/images/solutions/latest/constructs/images/typescript32.png[Typescript
Logo] Typescript |`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-kinesisfirehose-s3`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/images/solutions/latest/constructs/images/java32.png[Java
Logo] Java |`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.kinesisfirehoses3`
|===

== Overview

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose
delivery stream connected to an Amazon S3 bucket.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

====
[role="tablist"]
Typescript::
+
[source,typescript]
----
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { KinesisFirehoseToS3 } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-kinesisfirehose-s3';

new KinesisFirehoseToS3(this, 'test-firehose-s3', {});
----

Python::
+
[source,python]
----
from aws_solutions_constructs.aws_kinesis_firehose_s3 import KinesisFirehoseToS3
from aws_cdk import Stack
from constructs import Construct

KinesisFirehoseToS3(self, 'test_firehose_s3')
----

Java::
+
[source,java]
----
import software.constructs.Construct;

import software.amazon.awscdk.Stack;
import software.amazon.awscdk.StackProps;
import software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.kinesisfirehoses3.*;

new KinesisFirehoseToS3(this, "test_firehose_s3", new KinesisFirehoseToS3Props.Builder()
        .build());
----
====

== Pattern Construct Props

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|bucketProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.BucketProps.html[`s3.BucketProps`]
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the S3 Bucket, providing both this and `existingBucketObj` will cause an error.

|existingBucketObj?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.IBucket.html[`s3.IBucket`]
|Optional - existing instance of S3 Bucket. If this is provided, then also
providing bucketProps causes an error.

|existingLoggingBucketObj?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.IBucket.html[`s3.IBucket`]
|Optional existing instance of logging S3 Bucket for the S3 Bucket
created by the pattern.

|kinesisFirehoseProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStreamProps.html[`kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStreamProps`]{vbar}`any`
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for Kinesis
Firehose Delivery Stream.

|logGroupProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_logs.LogGroupProps.html[`logs.LogGroupProps`]
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for for the
CloudWatchLogs LogGroup.

|loggingBucketProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.BucketProps.html[`s3.BucketProps`]
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the S3
Logging Bucket.

|logS3AccessLogs? |boolean |Whether to turn on Access Logging for the S3
bucket. Creates an S3 bucket with associated storage costs for the logs.
Enabling Access Logging is a best practice. default - true
|===

== Pattern Properties

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|kinesisFirehose
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStream.html[`kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStream`]
|Returns an instance of kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStream created by the
construct

|kinesisFirehoseLogGroup
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_logs.LogGroup.html[`logs.LogGroup`]
|Returns an instance of the logs.LogGroup created by the construct for
Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream

|kinesisFirehoseRole
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_iam.Role.html[`iam.Role`]
|Returns an instance of the iam.Role created by the construct for
Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream

|s3Bucket?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.Bucket.html[`s3.Bucket`]
|Returns an instance of s3.Bucket created by the construct

|s3LoggingBucket?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.Bucket.html[`s3.Bucket`]
|Returns an instance of s3.Bucket created by the construct as the
logging bucket for the primary bucket

|s3BucketInterface
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.IBucket.html[`s3.IBucket`]
|Returns an instance of s3.IBucket created by the construct
|===

== Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will
set the following defaults:

=== Amazon Kinesis Firehose

* Enable CloudWatch logging for Kinesis Firehose
* Configure least privilege access IAM role for Amazon Kinesis Firehose

=== Amazon S3 Bucket

* Configure Access logging for S3 Bucket
* Enable server-side encryption for S3 Bucket using AWS managed KMS Key
* Enforce encryption of data in transit
* Turn on the versioning for S3 Bucket
* Don’t allow public access for S3 Bucket
* Retain the S3 Bucket when deleting the CloudFormation stack
* Applies Lifecycle rule to move noncurrent object versions to Glacier
storage after 90 days

== Architecture


image::images/aws-kinesisfirehose-s3.png["Diagram showing the KInesis data firehose, S3 buckets, CloudWatch log group and IAM role created by the construct",scaledwidth=100%]

== Github

Go to the https://github.com/awslabs/aws-solutions-constructs/tree/main/source/patterns/%40aws-solutions-constructs/aws-kinesisfirehose-s3[Github repo] for this pattern to view the code, read/create issues and pull requests and more.

'''''
