documentation/aws-wafwebacl-appsync.adoc, before:

//!!NODE_ROOT <section>
//== aws-wafwebacl-appsync module

[.topic]
= aws-wafwebacl-appsync
:info_doctype: section
:info_title: aws-wafwebacl-appsync


image:https://img.shields.io/badge/cfn--resources-stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge[Stability:Stable]

'''''

[width="100%",cols="<23%,<77%",options="header",]
|===
|*Reference Documentation*:
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/
|===

[width="100%",cols="<63%,37%",options="header",]
|===
|*Language* |*Package*
|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png[Python
Logo] Python
|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_wafwebacl_appsync`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png[Typescript
Logo] Typescript |`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-wafwebacl-appsync`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png[Java
Logo] Java |`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.wafwebaclappsync`
|===

== Overview

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an AWS WAF web ACL connected to
an AWS AppSync API.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

====
[role="tablist"]
Typescript::
+
[source,typescript]
----
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { Stack, StackProps } from "aws-cdk-lib";
import {
  WafwebaclToAppsyncProps,
  WafwebaclToAppsync,
} from "@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-wafwebacl-appsync";

// Use an existing AppSync GraphQL API
const existingGraphQLApi = previouslyCreatedApi;

// This construct can only be attached to a configured AWS AppSync API.
new WafwebaclToAppsync(this, "test-wafwebacl-appsync", {
  existingAppsyncApi: existingGraphQLApi,
});
----

Python::
+
[source,python]
----
from aws_solutions_constructs.aws_wafwebacl_appsync import WafwebaclToAppsyncProps, WafwebaclToAppsync
from aws_cdk import (
    aws_route53 as route53,
    Stack
)
from constructs import Construct

# Use an existing AppSync API
existingGraphQLApi = previouslyCreatedApi


# This construct can only be attached to a configured AWS AppSync API.
WafwebaclToAppsync(self, 'test_wafwebacl_appsync',
                existing_appsync_api=existingGraphQLApi
                )
----

Java::
+
[source,java]
----
import software.constructs.Construct;

import software.amazon.awscdk.Stack;
import software.amazon.awscdk.StackProps;
import software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.wafwebaclappsync.*;

// Use an existing AppSync API
final existingGraphQLApi = previouslyCreatedApi


// This construct can only be attached to a configured AWS AppSync API.
new WafwebaclToAppsync(this, "test-wafwebacl-appsync", new WafwebaclToAppsyncProps.Builder()
        .existingAppsyncApi(existingGraphQLApi)
        .build());
----
====

== Pattern Construct Props

[width="100%",cols="<5%,<22%,73%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|existingAppsyncApi
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_appsync.CfnGraphQLApi.html[`appsync.CfnGraphQLApi`]
|The existing Appsync CfnGraphQLApi object that will be protected with
the WAF web ACL. _Note that a WAF web ACL can only be added to a
configured AppSync API, so this construct only accepts an existing
CfnGraphQLApi and does not accept CfnGraphQLApiProps._

|existingWebaclObj?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_waf.CfnWebACL.html[`waf.CfnWebACL`]
|Existing instance of a WAF web ACL, an error will occur if this and
props is set.

|webaclProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_waf.CfnWebACLProps.html[`waf.CfnWebACLProps`]
|Optional user-provided props to override the default props for the AWS
WAF web ACL. To use a different collection of managed rule sets, specify
a new rules property. Use our
link:../core/lib/waf-defaults.ts[`wrapManagedRuleSet(managedGroupName: string, vendorName: string, priority: number)`]
function from core to create an array entry from each desired managed
rule set.
|===

== Pattern Properties

[width="100%",cols="<7%,<59%,34%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|webacl
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_waf.CfnWebACL.html[`waf.CfnWebACL`]
|Returns an instance of the waf.CfnWebACL created by the construct.

|appsyncApi
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_appsync.CfnGraphQLApi.html[`appsync.CfnGraphQLApi`]
|Returns an instance of the CfnGraphQLApi used by the pattern.
|===

== Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will
set the following defaults:

=== AWS WAF

* Deploy a WAF web ACL with 7
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/waf/latest/developerguide/aws-managed-rule-groups-list.html[AWS
managed rule groups].
** AWSManagedRulesBotControlRuleSet
** AWSManagedRulesKnownBadInputsRuleSet
** AWSManagedRulesCommonRuleSet
** AWSManagedRulesAnonymousIpList
** AWSManagedRulesAmazonIpReputationList
** AWSManagedRulesAdminProtectionRuleSet
** AWSManagedRulesSQLiRuleSet
+
_Note that the default rules can be replaced by specifying the rules
property of CfnWebACLProps_
* Send metrics to Amazon CloudWatch

=== AppSync API

* User provided AppSync graphql API object is used as-is

== Architecture


image::images/aws-wafwebacl-appsync.png["Diagram showing the WAF ACL, AppSync api, CloudWatch log group and IAM role created by the construct",scaledwidth=100%]

== Github

Go to the https://github.com/awslabs/aws-solutions-constructs/tree/main/source/patterns/%40aws-solutions-constructs/aws-wafwebacl-appsync[Github repo] for this pattern to view the code, read/create issues and pull requests and more.

'''''

Commit message:

feat(aws-lamda-textract): new construct (#1449)
* Store with 0.0.0 version

* Successful build/test prior to renaming topic props and making output bucket optional

* Everything works before adding temp Lambda functions for testing

* Initial Implementation

* Remove stray file

* Update topic creation to satisfy cfnGuard

* Clean up internal stuff

* New architecture diagrams

* clean

* Remove feature specific guides

* Undo changes made to lambda-translate env variables

* One more undone change

* Update permissions granted the Lambda function in the documentation

* Clarify

* Only set values when there's a bucket. Last working checkin before removing additionalPermissions

* Remove AddtionalPermissions (with '*' as the resource, it's better that client just add them to the function after it is created)

* Final cleanup

* Update language image locations

* Add language icons

* Point to our own language icons

* Publish Docs

* Update additionalPermissions prop to warn about '*' resource

* Update docs based upon PR comments

* Publish Docs

* Fixed 'causes an error' stragglers

* Published docs

* Drop trailing space

documentation/aws-wafwebacl-appsync.adoc, after:

//!!NODE_ROOT <section>
//== aws-wafwebacl-appsync module

[.topic]
= aws-wafwebacl-appsync
:info_doctype: section
:info_title: aws-wafwebacl-appsync


image:https://img.shields.io/badge/cfn--resources-stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge[Stability:Stable]

'''''

[width="100%",cols="<23%,<77%",options="header",]
|===
|*Reference Documentation*:
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/
|===

[width="100%",cols="<63%,37%",options="header",]
|===
|*Language* |*Package*
|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/images/solutions/latest/constructs/images/python32.png[Python
Logo] Python
|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_wafwebacl_appsync`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/images/solutions/latest/constructs/images/typescript32.png[Typescript
Logo] Typescript |`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-wafwebacl-appsync`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/images/solutions/latest/constructs/images/java32.png[Java
Logo] Java |`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.wafwebaclappsync`
|===

== Overview

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an AWS WAF web ACL connected to
an AWS AppSync API.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

====
[role="tablist"]
Typescript::
+
[source,typescript]
----
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { Stack, StackProps } from "aws-cdk-lib";
import {
  WafwebaclToAppsyncProps,
  WafwebaclToAppsync,
} from "@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-wafwebacl-appsync";

// Use an existing AppSync GraphQL API
const existingGraphQLApi = previouslyCreatedApi;

// This construct can only be attached to a configured AWS AppSync API.
new WafwebaclToAppsync(this, "test-wafwebacl-appsync", {
  existingAppsyncApi: existingGraphQLApi,
});
----

Python::
+
[source,python]
----
from aws_solutions_constructs.aws_wafwebacl_appsync import WafwebaclToAppsyncProps, WafwebaclToAppsync
from aws_cdk import (
    aws_route53 as route53,
    Stack
)
from constructs import Construct

# Use an existing AppSync API
existingGraphQLApi = previouslyCreatedApi


# This construct can only be attached to a configured AWS AppSync API.
WafwebaclToAppsync(self, 'test_wafwebacl_appsync',
                existing_appsync_api=existingGraphQLApi
                )
----

Java::
+
[source,java]
----
import software.constructs.Construct;

import software.amazon.awscdk.Stack;
import software.amazon.awscdk.StackProps;
import software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.wafwebaclappsync.*;

// Use an existing AppSync API
final existingGraphQLApi = previouslyCreatedApi


// This construct can only be attached to a configured AWS AppSync API.
new WafwebaclToAppsync(this, "test-wafwebacl-appsync", new WafwebaclToAppsyncProps.Builder()
        .existingAppsyncApi(existingGraphQLApi)
        .build());
----
====

== Pattern Construct Props

[width="100%",cols="<5%,<22%,73%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|existingAppsyncApi
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_appsync.CfnGraphQLApi.html[`appsync.CfnGraphQLApi`]
|The existing Appsync CfnGraphQLApi object that will be protected with
the WAF web ACL. _Note that a WAF web ACL can only be added to a
configured AppSync API, so this construct only accepts an existing
CfnGraphQLApi and does not accept CfnGraphQLApiProps._

|existingWebaclObj?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_waf.CfnWebACL.html[`waf.CfnWebACL`]
|Optional - existing instance of a WAF web ACL, providing both this and `webaclProps` causes an error.

|webaclProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_waf.CfnWebACLProps.html[`waf.CfnWebACLProps`]
|Optional user-provided props to override the default props for the AWS WAF web ACL. Providing both this and
existingWebaclObj causes an error. To use a different collection of managed rule sets, specify a new rules property.
Use our link:../core/lib/waf-defaults.ts[wrapManagedRuleSet(managedGroupName: string, vendorName: string,
priority: number)] function from core to create an array entry from each desired managed rule set.
|===

== Pattern Properties

[width="100%",cols="<7%,<59%,34%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|webacl
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_waf.CfnWebACL.html[`waf.CfnWebACL`]
|Returns an instance of the waf.CfnWebACL created by the construct.

|appsyncApi
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_appsync.CfnGraphQLApi.html[`appsync.CfnGraphQLApi`]
|Returns an instance of the CfnGraphQLApi used by the pattern.
|===

== Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will
set the following defaults:

=== AWS WAF

* Deploy a WAF web ACL with 7
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/waf/latest/developerguide/aws-managed-rule-groups-list.html[AWS
managed rule groups].
** AWSManagedRulesBotControlRuleSet
** AWSManagedRulesKnownBadInputsRuleSet
** AWSManagedRulesCommonRuleSet
** AWSManagedRulesAnonymousIpList
** AWSManagedRulesAmazonIpReputationList
** AWSManagedRulesAdminProtectionRuleSet
** AWSManagedRulesSQLiRuleSet
+
_Note that the default rules can be replaced by specifying the rules
property of CfnWebACLProps_
* Send metrics to Amazon CloudWatch

=== AppSync API

* User provided AppSync graphql API object is used as-is

== Architecture


image::images/aws-wafwebacl-appsync.png["Diagram showing the WAF ACL, AppSync api, CloudWatch log group and IAM role created by the construct",scaledwidth=100%]

== Github

Go to the https://github.com/awslabs/aws-solutions-constructs/tree/main/source/patterns/%40aws-solutions-constructs/aws-wafwebacl-appsync[Github repo] for this pattern to view the code, read/create issues and pull requests and more.

'''''
