documentation/aws-dynamodbstreams-lambda.adoc, before:

//!!NODE_ROOT <section>
//== aws-dynamodbstreams-lambda module

[.topic]
= aws-dynamodbstreams-lambda
:info_doctype: section
:info_title: aws-dynamodbstreams-lambda


image:https://img.shields.io/badge/cfn--resources-stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge[Stability:Stable]

[width="100%",cols="<50%,<50%",options="header",]
|===
|*Reference Documentation*:
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/
|===

[width="100%",cols="<46%,54%",options="header",]
|===
|*Language* |*Package*
|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png[Python
Logo] Python
|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_dynamodbstreams_lambda`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png[Typescript
Logo] Typescript |`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-dynamodbstreams-lambda`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png[Java
Logo] Java
|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.dynamodbstreamslambda`
|===

== Overview

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an Amazon DynamoDB table with
stream that invokes an AWS Lambda function with the least privileged
permissions.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

====
[role="tablist"]
Typescript::
+
[source,typescript]
----
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { DynamoDBStreamsToLambdaProps,  DynamoDBStreamsToLambda} from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-dynamodbstreams-lambda';
import * as lambda from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-lambda';

new DynamoDBStreamsToLambda(this, 'test-dynamodbstreams-lambda', {
  lambdaFunctionProps: {
      code: lambda.Code.fromAsset(`lambda`),
      runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_22_X,
      handler: 'index.handler'
  },
});
----

Python::
+
[source,python]
----
from aws_solutions_constructs.aws_dynamodbstreams_lambda import DynamoDBStreamsToLambda
from aws_cdk import (
  aws_lambda as _lambda,
  Stack
)
from constructs import Construct

DynamoDBStreamsToLambda(self, 'test-dynamodbstreams-lambda',
                        lambda_function_props=_lambda.FunctionProps(
                            code=_lambda.Code.from_asset('lambda'),
                            runtime=_lambda.Runtime.PYTHON_3_11,
                            handler='index.handler'
                        )
                        )
----

Java::
+
[source,java]
----
import software.constructs.Construct;

import software.amazon.awscdk.Stack;
import software.amazon.awscdk.StackProps;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.lambda.*;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.lambda.Runtime;
import software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.dynamodbstreamslambda.*;

new DynamoDBStreamsToLambda(this, "test-dynamodbstreams-lambda",
        new DynamoDBStreamsToLambdaProps.Builder()
                .lambdaFunctionProps(new FunctionProps.Builder()
                        .runtime(Runtime.NODEJS_22_X)
                        .code(Code.fromAsset("lambda"))
                        .handler("index.handler")
                        .build())
                .build());
----
====

== Pattern Construct Props

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|existingLambdaObj?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.Function.html[`lambda.Function`]
|Existing instance of Lambda Function object, providing both this and
`lambdaFunctionProps` will cause an error.

|lambdaFunctionProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.FunctionProps.html[`lambda.FunctionProps`]
|User provided props to override the default props for the Lambda
function.

|dynamoTableProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_dynamodb.TableProps.html[`dynamodb.TableProps`]
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for DynamoDB
Table

|existingTableInterface?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_dynamodb.ITable.html[`dynamodb.ITable`]
|Existing instance of DynamoDB table object or interface, providing both
this and `dynamoTableProps` will cause an error.

|dynamoEventSourceProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda_event_sources.DynamoEventSourceProps.html[`aws-lambda-event-sources.DynamoEventSourceProps`]
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for DynamoDB
Event Source
|===

== Pattern Properties

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|dynamoTableInterface
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_dynamodb.ITable.html[`dynamodb.ITable`]
|Returns an instance of dynamodb.ITable created by the construct

|dynamoTable?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_dynamodb.Table.html[`dynamodb.Table`]
|Returns an instance of dynamodb.Table created by the construct.
IMPORTANT: If existingTableInterface was provided in Pattern Construct
Props, this property will be `undefined`

|lambdaFunction
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.Function.html[`lambda.Function`]
|Returns an instance of lambda.Function created by the construct
|===

== Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will
set the following defaults:

=== Amazon DynamoDB Table

* Set the billing mode for DynamoDB Table to On-Demand (Pay per request)
* Enable server-side encryption for DynamoDB Table using AWS managed KMS
Key
* Creates a partition key called '`id`' for DynamoDB Table
* Retain the Table when deleting the CloudFormation stack
* Enable continuous backups and point-in-time recovery

=== AWS Lambda Function

* Configure limited privilege access IAM role for Lambda function
* Enable reusing connections with Keep-Alive for NodeJs Lambda function
* Enable X-Ray Tracing
* Enable Failure-Handling features like enable bisect on function Error,
set defaults for Maximum Record Age (24 hours) & Maximum Retry Attempts
(500) and deploy SQS dead-letter queue as destination on failure
* Set Environment Variables
** AWS_NODEJS_CONNECTION_REUSE_ENABLED (for Node 10.x
and higher functions)

== Architecture


image::images/aws-dynamodbstreams-lambda.png["Diagram showing data flow between AWS services including DynamoDB, Lambda, CloudWatch and an IAM Role",scaledwidth=100%]

== Github

Go to the https://github.com/awslabs/aws-solutions-constructs/tree/main/source/patterns/%40aws-solutions-constructs/aws-dynamodbstreams-lambda[Github repo] for this pattern to view the code, read/create issues and pull requests and more.

'''''

Commit message:

feat(aws-lamda-textract): new construct (#1449)
* Store with 0.0.0 version

* Successful build/test prior to renaming topic props and making output bucket optional

* Everything works before adding temp Lambda functions for testing

* Initial Implementation

* Remove stray file

* Update topic creation to satisfy cfnGuard

* Clean up internal stuff

* New architecture diagrams

* clean

* Remove feature specific guides

* Undo changes made to lambda-translate env variables

* One more undone change

* Update permissions granted the Lambda function in the documentation

* Clarify

* Only set values when there's a bucket. Last working checkin before removing additionalPermissions

* Remove AddtionalPermissions (with '*' as the resource, it's better that client just add them to the function after it is created)

* Final cleanup

* Update language image locations

* Add language icons

* Point to our own language icons

* Publish Docs

* Update additionalPermissions prop to warn about '*' resource

* Update docs based upon PR comments

* Publish Docs

* Fixed 'causes an error' stragglers

* Published docs

* Drop trailing space

documentation/aws-dynamodbstreams-lambda.adoc, after:

//!!NODE_ROOT <section>
//== aws-dynamodbstreams-lambda module

[.topic]
= aws-dynamodbstreams-lambda
:info_doctype: section
:info_title: aws-dynamodbstreams-lambda


image:https://img.shields.io/badge/cfn--resources-stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge[Stability:Stable]

[width="100%",cols="<50%,<50%",options="header",]
|===
|*Reference Documentation*:
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/
|===

[width="100%",cols="<46%,54%",options="header",]
|===
|*Language* |*Package*
|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/images/solutions/latest/constructs/images/python32.png[Python
Logo] Python
|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_dynamodbstreams_lambda`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/images/solutions/latest/constructs/images/typescript32.png[Typescript
Logo] Typescript |`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-dynamodbstreams-lambda`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/images/solutions/latest/constructs/images/java32.png[Java
Logo] Java
|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.dynamodbstreamslambda`
|===

== Overview

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an Amazon DynamoDB table with
stream that invokes an AWS Lambda function with the least privileged
permissions.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

====
[role="tablist"]
Typescript::
+
[source,typescript]
----
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { DynamoDBStreamsToLambdaProps,  DynamoDBStreamsToLambda} from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-dynamodbstreams-lambda';
import * as lambda from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-lambda';

new DynamoDBStreamsToLambda(this, 'test-dynamodbstreams-lambda', {
  lambdaFunctionProps: {
      code: lambda.Code.fromAsset(`lambda`),
      runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_22_X,
      handler: 'index.handler'
  },
});
----

Python::
+
[source,python]
----
from aws_solutions_constructs.aws_dynamodbstreams_lambda import DynamoDBStreamsToLambda
from aws_cdk import (
  aws_lambda as _lambda,
  Stack
)
from constructs import Construct

DynamoDBStreamsToLambda(self, 'test-dynamodbstreams-lambda',
                        lambda_function_props=_lambda.FunctionProps(
                            code=_lambda.Code.from_asset('lambda'),
                            runtime=_lambda.Runtime.PYTHON_3_11,
                            handler='index.handler'
                        )
                        )
----

Java::
+
[source,java]
----
import software.constructs.Construct;

import software.amazon.awscdk.Stack;
import software.amazon.awscdk.StackProps;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.lambda.*;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.lambda.Runtime;
import software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.dynamodbstreamslambda.*;

new DynamoDBStreamsToLambda(this, "test-dynamodbstreams-lambda",
        new DynamoDBStreamsToLambdaProps.Builder()
                .lambdaFunctionProps(new FunctionProps.Builder()
                        .runtime(Runtime.NODEJS_22_X)
                        .code(Code.fromAsset("lambda"))
                        .handler("index.handler")
                        .build())
                .build());
----
====

== Pattern Construct Props

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|existingLambdaObj?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.Function.html[`lambda.Function`]
|Optional - instance of an existing Lambda Function object, providing both this and
`lambdaFunctionProps` will cause an error.

|lambdaFunctionProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.FunctionProps.html[`lambda.FunctionProps`]
|Optional - user provided props to override the default props for the Lambda function. Providing both this and `existingLambdaObj` causes an error.

|dynamoTableProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_dynamodb.TableProps.html[`dynamodb.TableProps`]
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the DynamoDB Table. Providing both this and
`existingTableInterface` causes an error.

|existingTableInterface?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_dynamodb.ITable.html[`dynamodb.ITable`]
|Optional - existing DynamoDB table, providing both this and `dynamoTableProps` will cause an error.
this and `dynamoTableProps` will cause an error.

|dynamoEventSourceProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda_event_sources.DynamoEventSourceProps.html[`aws-lambda-event-sources.DynamoEventSourceProps`]
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for DynamoDB
Event Source
|===

== Pattern Properties

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|dynamoTableInterface
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_dynamodb.ITable.html[`dynamodb.ITable`]
|Returns an instance of dynamodb.ITable created by the construct

|dynamoTable?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_dynamodb.Table.html[`dynamodb.Table`]
|Returns an instance of dynamodb.Table created by the construct.
IMPORTANT: If existingTableInterface was provided in Pattern Construct
Props, this property will be `undefined`

|lambdaFunction
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.Function.html[`lambda.Function`]
|Returns an instance of lambda.Function created by the construct
|===

== Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will
set the following defaults:

=== Amazon DynamoDB Table

* Set the billing mode for DynamoDB Table to On-Demand (Pay per request)
* Enable server-side encryption for DynamoDB Table using AWS managed KMS
Key
* Creates a partition key called '`id`' for DynamoDB Table
* Retain the Table when deleting the CloudFormation stack
* Enable continuous backups and point-in-time recovery

=== AWS Lambda Function

* Configure limited privilege access IAM role for Lambda function
* Enable reusing connections with Keep-Alive for NodeJs Lambda function
* Enable X-Ray Tracing
* Enable Failure-Handling features like enable bisect on function Error,
set defaults for Maximum Record Age (24 hours) & Maximum Retry Attempts
(500) and deploy SQS dead-letter queue as destination on failure
* Set Environment Variables
** AWS_NODEJS_CONNECTION_REUSE_ENABLED (for Node 10.x
and higher functions)

== Architecture


image::images/aws-dynamodbstreams-lambda.png["Diagram showing data flow between AWS services including DynamoDB, Lambda, CloudWatch and an IAM Role",scaledwidth=100%]

== Github

Go to the https://github.com/awslabs/aws-solutions-constructs/tree/main/source/patterns/%40aws-solutions-constructs/aws-dynamodbstreams-lambda[Github repo] for this pattern to view the code, read/create issues and pull requests and more.

'''''
