documentation/aws-lambda-elasticachememcached.adoc, before:

//!!NODE_ROOT <section>
//== aws-lambda-elasticachememcached module

[.topic]
= aws-lambda-elasticachememcached
:info_doctype: section
:info_title: aws-lambda-elasticachememcached


image:https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Experimental-important.svg?style=for-the-badge[Stability:Experimental]

[width="100%",cols="<50%,<50%",options="header",]
|===
|*Reference Documentation*:
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/
|===

[width="100%",cols="<46%,54%",options="header",]
|===
|*Language* |*Package*
|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png[Python
Logo] Python
|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_lambda_elasticachememcached`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png[Typescript
Logo] Typescript
|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-elasticachememcached`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png[Java
Logo] Java
|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.lambdaelasticachememcached`
|===

== Overview

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an AWS Lambda function connected
to an Amazon Elasticache Memcached cluster.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition :

====
[role="tablist"]
Typescript::
+
[source,typescript]
----
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { LambdaToElasticachememcached } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-elasticachememcached';
import * as lambda from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-lambda';

new LambdaToElasticachememcached(this, 'LambdaToElasticachememcachedPattern', {
    lambdaFunctionProps: {
        runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_22_X,
        handler: 'index.handler',
        code: lambda.Code.fromAsset(`lambda`)
    }
});
----

Python::
+
[source,python]
----
from aws_solutions_constructs.aws_lambda_elasticachememcached import LambdaToElasticachememcached
from aws_cdk import (
    aws_lambda as _lambda,
    Stack
)
from constructs import Construct

LambdaToElasticachememcached(self, 'LambdaToCachePattern',
        lambda_function_props=_lambda.FunctionProps(
            code=_lambda.Code.from_asset('lambda'),
            runtime=_lambda.Runtime.PYTHON_3_11,
            handler='index.handler'
        )
        )
----

Java::
+
[source,java]
----
import software.constructs.Construct;

import software.amazon.awscdk.Stack;
import software.amazon.awscdk.StackProps;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.lambda.*;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.lambda.Runtime;
import software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.lambdaelasticachememcached.*;

new LambdaToElasticachememcached(this, "LambdaToCachePattern", new LambdaToElasticachememcachedProps.Builder()
        .lambdaFunctionProps(new FunctionProps.Builder()
                .runtime(Runtime.NODEJS_22_X)
                .code(Code.fromAsset("lambda"))
                .handler("index.handler")
                .build())
        .build());
----
====

== Pattern Construct Props

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|existingLambdaObj?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.Function.html[`lambda.Function`]
|Existing instance of Lambda Function object, providing both this and
`lambdaFunctionProps` will cause an error.

|lambdaFunctionProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.FunctionProps.html[`lambda.FunctionProps`]
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the
Lambda function.

|existingVpc?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.IVpc.html[`ec2.IVpc`]
|An optional, existing VPC into which this pattern should be deployed.
When deployed in a VPC, the Lambda function will use ENIs in the VPC to
access network resources and an Interface Endpoint will be created in
the VPC for Amazon Elasticache. If an existing VPC is provided, the
`deployVpc` property cannot be `true`. This uses `ec2.IVpc` to allow
clients to supply VPCs that exist outside the stack using the
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.Vpc.html#static-fromwbrlookupscope-id-options[`ec2.Vpc.fromLookup()`]
method.

|vpcProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.VpcProps.html[`ec2.VpcProps`]
|Optional user provided properties to override the default properties
for the new VPC. `subnetConfiguration` is set by the pattern, so any
values for those properties supplied here will be overridden.

|cacheEndpointEnvironmentVariableName? |string |Optional Name for the
Lambda function environment variable set to the cache endpoint. Default:
CACHE_ENDPOINT

|cacheProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_elasticache.CfnCacheClusterProps.html[`cache.CfnCacheClusterProps`]
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the
Elasticache Cluster. Providing both this and `existingCache` will cause
an error.

|existingCache?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_elasticache.CfnCacheCluster.html#attrconfigurationendpointport[`cache.CfnCacheCluster`]
|Existing instance of Elasticache Cluster object, providing both this
and `cacheProps` will cause an error. If you provide this, you must
provide the associated VPC in existingVpc.
|===

== Pattern Properties

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|lambdaFunction
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.Function.html[`lambda.Function`]
|Returns an instance of the Lambda function used by the pattern.

|vpc
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.IVpc.html[`ec2.IVpc`]
|Returns an interface on the VPC used by the pattern. This may be a VPC
created by the pattern or the VPC supplied to the pattern constructor.

|cache
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_elasticache.CfnCacheCluster.html#attrconfigurationendpointport[`cache.CfnCacheCluster`]
|The Elasticache Memcached cluster used by the construct.
|===

== Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will
set the following defaults:

=== AWS Lambda Function

* Configure limited privilege access IAM role for Lambda function
* Enable reusing connections with Keep-Alive for NodeJs Lambda function
* Enable X-Ray Tracing
* Attached to self referencing security group to grant access to cache
* Set Environment Variables
** (default) CACHE_ENDPOINT
** AWS_NODEJS_CONNECTION_REUSE_ENABLED (for Node 10.x
and higher functions)

=== Amazon Elasticache Memcached Cluster

* Creates multi node, cross-az cluster by default
** 2 cache nodes, type: cache.t3.medium
* Self referencing security group attached to cluster endpoint

== Architecture


image::images/aws-lambda-elasticachememcached.png["Diagram showing the Lambda function, Elasticache memcached cache and IAM role created by the construct",scaledwidth=100%]

== Github

Go to the https://github.com/awslabs/aws-solutions-constructs/tree/main/source/patterns/%40aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-elasticachememcached[Github repo] for this pattern to view the code, read/create issues and pull requests and more.

'''''

Commit message:

feat(aws-lamda-textract): new construct (#1449)
* Store with 0.0.0 version

* Successful build/test prior to renaming topic props and making output bucket optional

* Everything works before adding temp Lambda functions for testing

* Initial Implementation

* Remove stray file

* Update topic creation to satisfy cfnGuard

* Clean up internal stuff

* New architecture diagrams

* clean

* Remove feature specific guides

* Undo changes made to lambda-translate env variables

* One more undone change

* Update permissions granted the Lambda function in the documentation

* Clarify

* Only set values when there's a bucket. Last working checkin before removing additionalPermissions

* Remove AddtionalPermissions (with '*' as the resource, it's better that client just add them to the function after it is created)

* Final cleanup

* Update language image locations

* Add language icons

* Point to our own language icons

* Publish Docs

* Update additionalPermissions prop to warn about '*' resource

* Update docs based upon PR comments

* Publish Docs

* Fixed 'causes an error' stragglers

* Published docs

* Drop trailing space

documentation/aws-lambda-elasticachememcached.adoc, after:

//!!NODE_ROOT <section>
//== aws-lambda-elasticachememcached module

[.topic]
= aws-lambda-elasticachememcached
:info_doctype: section
:info_title: aws-lambda-elasticachememcached


image:https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Experimental-important.svg?style=for-the-badge[Stability:Experimental]

[width="100%",cols="<50%,<50%",options="header",]
|===
|*Reference Documentation*:
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/
|===

[width="100%",cols="<46%,54%",options="header",]
|===
|*Language* |*Package*
|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/images/solutions/latest/constructs/images/python32.png[Python
Logo] Python
|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_lambda_elasticachememcached`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/images/solutions/latest/constructs/images/typescript32.png[Typescript
Logo] Typescript
|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-elasticachememcached`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/images/solutions/latest/constructs/images/java32.png[Java
Logo] Java
|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.lambdaelasticachememcached`
|===

== Overview

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an AWS Lambda function connected
to an Amazon Elasticache Memcached cluster.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition :

====
[role="tablist"]
Typescript::
+
[source,typescript]
----
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { LambdaToElasticachememcached } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-elasticachememcached';
import * as lambda from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-lambda';

new LambdaToElasticachememcached(this, 'LambdaToElasticachememcachedPattern', {
    lambdaFunctionProps: {
        runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_22_X,
        handler: 'index.handler',
        code: lambda.Code.fromAsset(`lambda`)
    }
});
----

Python::
+
[source,python]
----
from aws_solutions_constructs.aws_lambda_elasticachememcached import LambdaToElasticachememcached
from aws_cdk import (
    aws_lambda as _lambda,
    Stack
)
from constructs import Construct

LambdaToElasticachememcached(self, 'LambdaToCachePattern',
        lambda_function_props=_lambda.FunctionProps(
            code=_lambda.Code.from_asset('lambda'),
            runtime=_lambda.Runtime.PYTHON_3_11,
            handler='index.handler'
        )
        )
----

Java::
+
[source,java]
----
import software.constructs.Construct;

import software.amazon.awscdk.Stack;
import software.amazon.awscdk.StackProps;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.lambda.*;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.lambda.Runtime;
import software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.lambdaelasticachememcached.*;

new LambdaToElasticachememcached(this, "LambdaToCachePattern", new LambdaToElasticachememcachedProps.Builder()
        .lambdaFunctionProps(new FunctionProps.Builder()
                .runtime(Runtime.NODEJS_22_X)
                .code(Code.fromAsset("lambda"))
                .handler("index.handler")
                .build())
        .build());
----
====

== Pattern Construct Props

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|existingLambdaObj?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.Function.html[`lambda.Function`]
|Optional - instance of an existing Lambda Function object, providing both this and
`lambdaFunctionProps` will cause an error.

|lambdaFunctionProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.FunctionProps.html[`lambda.FunctionProps`]
|Optional - user provided props to override the default props for the Lambda function. Providing both this and `existingLambdaObj` causes an error.

|existingVpc?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.IVpc.html[`ec2.IVpc`]
|An optional, existing VPC into which this pattern should be deployed.
When deployed in a VPC, the Lambda function will use ENIs in the VPC to
access network resources and an Interface Endpoint will be created in
the VPC for Amazon Elasticache. If an existing VPC is provided, the
`deployVpc` property cannot be `true`. This uses `ec2.IVpc` to allow
clients to supply VPCs that exist outside the stack using the
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.Vpc.html#static-fromwbrlookupscope-id-options[`ec2.Vpc.fromLookup()`]
method.

|vpcProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.VpcProps.html[`ec2.VpcProps`]
|Optional user provided properties to override the default properties
for the new VPC. `subnetConfiguration` is set by the pattern, so any
values for those properties supplied here will be overridden.

|cacheEndpointEnvironmentVariableName? |string |Optional Name for the
Lambda function environment variable set to the cache endpoint. Default:
CACHE_ENDPOINT

|cacheProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_elasticache.CfnCacheClusterProps.html[`cache.CfnCacheClusterProps`]
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the
Elasticache Cluster. Providing both this and `existingCache` will cause
an error.

|existingCache?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_elasticache.CfnCacheCluster.html#attrconfigurationendpointport[`cache.CfnCacheCluster`]
|Existing instance of Elasticache Cluster object, providing both this
and `cacheProps` will cause an error. If you provide this, you must
provide the associated VPC in existingVpc.
|===

== Pattern Properties

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|lambdaFunction
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.Function.html[`lambda.Function`]
|Returns an instance of the Lambda function used by the pattern.

|vpc
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.IVpc.html[`ec2.IVpc`]
|Returns an interface on the VPC used by the pattern. This may be a VPC
created by the pattern or the VPC supplied to the pattern constructor.

|cache
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_elasticache.CfnCacheCluster.html#attrconfigurationendpointport[`cache.CfnCacheCluster`]
|The Elasticache Memcached cluster used by the construct.
|===

== Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will
set the following defaults:

=== AWS Lambda Function

* Configure limited privilege access IAM role for Lambda function
* Enable reusing connections with Keep-Alive for NodeJs Lambda function
* Enable X-Ray Tracing
* Attached to self referencing security group to grant access to cache
* Set Environment Variables
** (default) CACHE_ENDPOINT
** AWS_NODEJS_CONNECTION_REUSE_ENABLED (for Node 10.x
and higher functions)

=== Amazon Elasticache Memcached Cluster

* Creates multi node, cross-az cluster by default
** 2 cache nodes, type: cache.t3.medium
* Self referencing security group attached to cluster endpoint

== Architecture


image::images/aws-lambda-elasticachememcached.png["Diagram showing the Lambda function, Elasticache memcached cache and IAM role created by the construct",scaledwidth=100%]

== Github

Go to the https://github.com/awslabs/aws-solutions-constructs/tree/main/source/patterns/%40aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-elasticachememcached[Github repo] for this pattern to view the code, read/create issues and pull requests and more.

'''''
