documentation/aws-lambda-kendra.adoc, before:

//!!NODE_ROOT <section>
//== aws-lambda-kendra module

[.topic]
= aws-lambda-kendra
:info_doctype: section
:info_title: aws-lambda-kendra

'''''


image:https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Experimental-important.svg?style=for-the-badge[Stability:Experimental]

____
All classes are under active development and subject to non-backward
compatible changes or removal in any future version. These are not
subject to the https://semver.org/[Semantic Versioning] model. This
means that while you may use them, you may need to update your source
code when upgrading to a newer version of this package.
____

'''''

[width="100%",cols="50%,50%",options="header",]
|===
|*Reference Documentation*:
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/
|===

[width="100%",cols="50%,50%",options="header",]
|===
|*Language* |*Package*
|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png[Python
Logo] Python
|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_lambda_kendra`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png[Typescript
Logo] Typescript |`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-kendra`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png[Java
Logo] Java |`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.lambdakendra`
|===

== Overview

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an AWS Lambda function and
Amazon Kendra index with the least privileged permissions.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

====
[role="tablist"]
Typescript::
+
[source,typescript]
----
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Stack, StackProps, Aws } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { LambdaToKendra } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-kendra';
import * as lambda from "aws-cdk-lib/aws-lambda";
import * as s3 from "aws-cdk-lib/aws-s3";

const lambdaProps: lambda.FunctionProps = {
  code: lambda.Code.fromAsset(`lambda`),
  runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_22_X,
  handler: 'index.handler'
};

new LambdaToKendra(this, 'sample', {
  lambdaFunctionProps: lambdaProps,
  kendraIndexProps: {},
  kendraDataSourceProps: [{
    type: 'S3',
    dataSourceConfiguration: {
      s3Configuration: {
        bucketName: 'your-bucket-name',
      }
    }
  ],
});
----

Python::
+
[source,python]
----
TBD
----

Java::
+
[source,java]
----
TBD
----
====

== Pattern Construct Props

[width="100%",cols="34%,33%,33%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|existingLambdaObj?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.Function.html[`lambda.Function`]
|Existing instance of Lambda Function object, providing both this and
`lambdaFunctionProps` will cause an error.

|lambdaFunctionProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.FunctionProps.html[`lambda.FunctionProps`]
|User provided props to override the default props for the Lambda
function.

|kendraIndexProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kendra.CfnIndex.html[`kendra.CfnIndexProps`]
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the
Kendra index. Providing both these and existingKendraIndexObj is an
error.

|kendraDataSourcesProps
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kendra.CfnDataSource.html[`CfnDataSourceProps[\]`]
|A list of data sources that will provide data to the Kendra index. _At
least 1 must be specified_. We will do majority of processing for some
data sources (S3 crawler initially), but for others the props must be
complete (e.g. proper roleArn, etc.)

|indexPermissions? |`string[]` |Optional - index permissions to
grant to the Lambda function. One or more of the following may be
specified: `Read`, `SubmitFeedback` and `Write`. Default is
`["Read", "SubmitFeedback"]`. Read is all the operations IAM
defines as Read and List. SubmitFeedback is only the SubmitFeedback
action. Write is all the operations IAM defines as Write and Tag. This
functionality may be overridden by providing a specific role arn in
lambdaFunctionProps

|existingKendraIndexObj?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kendra.CfnIndex.html[`kendra.cfnIndex`]
|An existing Kendra index to which the Lambda function will be granted
access. Supplying along with kendraIndexProps or kendraDataSourceProps
will throw an error.

|existingVpc?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.IVpc.html[`ec2.IVpc`]
|An optional, existing VPC into which this pattern should be deployed.
When deployed in a VPC, the Lambda function will use ENIs in the VPC to
access network resources. If an existing VPC is provided, the
`deployVpc` property cannot be `true`. This uses `ec2.IVpc` to allow
clients to supply VPCs that exist outside the stack using the
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.Vpc.html#static-fromwbrlookupscope-id-options[`ec2.Vpc.fromLookup()`]
method.

|vpcProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.VpcProps.html[`ec2.VpcProps`]
|Optional user provided properties to override the default properties
for the new VPC. `enableDnsHostnames`, `enableDnsSupport`, `natGateways`
and `subnetConfiguration` are set by the pattern, so any values for
those properties supplied here will be overridden. If `deployVpc` is not
`true` then this property will be ignored.

|deployVpc? |`boolean` |Whether to create a new VPC based on `vpcProps`
into which to deploy this pattern. Setting this to `true` will deploy
the minimal, most private VPC to run the pattern, consisting of (1) one
isolated subnet in each Availability Zone used by the CDK program; and
(2) `enableDnsHostnames` and `enableDnsSupport` both being set to
`true`. If this property is `true` then `existingVpc` cannot be
specified. Defaults to `false`.
|===

== Pattern Properties

[width="100%",cols="34%,33%,33%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|lambdaFunction
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.Function.html[`lambda.Function`]
|Returns an instance of `lambda.Function` managed by the construct

|kendraIndex
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kendra.CfnIndex.html[`kendra.cfnIndex`]
|Returns an instance of `kendra.cfnIndex` managed by the construct

|kendraDataSources |DataSourceProperties[] (this interface is
defined by Solutions Constructs and described below) |A list of data
sources created for this construct/index, each in an object that
includes the role for that data source.

|lambdaRole
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_iam.Role.html[`iam.Role`]
|The role assumed by the Lambda function

|vpc?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.IVpc.html[`ec2.IVpc`]
|Returns an interface on the VPC used by the pattern (if any). This may
be a VPC created by the pattern or the VPC supplied to the pattern
constructor.
|===

interface DataSourceProperties { role?:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_iam.Role.html[`iam.Role`],
source: |
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kendra.CfnDataSource.html[`CfnDataSource`]
} ## Lambda Function

This pattern requires a lambda function that can access a Kendra index.

== Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any overrides
will set the following defaults:

=== AWS Lambda Function

* Configure limited privilege access IAM role for Lambda function
* Enable reusing connections with Keep-Alive for Node.js Lambda function
* Enable X-Ray Tracing
* Set Environment Variables
** (default) KENDRA_INDEX_ID
** AWS_NODEJS_CONNECTION_REUSE_ENABLED

=== Amazon Kendra Index

* Creates Amazon Kendra endpoint in VPC if appropriate
* Defaults to DEVELOPER_EDITION

*Amazon Kendra DataSources*

* Sets up correct IAM roles to access data for:
** S3 data sources
** Which others should we support in MLP?
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kendra/latest/dg/iam-roles.html
* Adds each data source to Kendra index

== Architecture


image::images/aws-lambda-kendra.png["Diagram showing the Lambda function, Kendra index, CloudWatch log group and IAM roles created by the construct",scaledwidth=100%]

== Github

Go to the https://github.com/awslabs/aws-solutions-constructs/tree/main/source/patterns/%40aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-kendra[Github repo] for this pattern to view the code, read/create issues and pull requests and more.

'''''

Commit message:

feat(aws-lamda-textract): new construct (#1449)
* Store with 0.0.0 version

* Successful build/test prior to renaming topic props and making output bucket optional

* Everything works before adding temp Lambda functions for testing

* Initial Implementation

* Remove stray file

* Update topic creation to satisfy cfnGuard

* Clean up internal stuff

* New architecture diagrams

* clean

* Remove feature specific guides

* Undo changes made to lambda-translate env variables

* One more undone change

* Update permissions granted the Lambda function in the documentation

* Clarify

* Only set values when there's a bucket. Last working checkin before removing additionalPermissions

* Remove AddtionalPermissions (with '*' as the resource, it's better that client just add them to the function after it is created)

* Final cleanup

* Update language image locations

* Add language icons

* Point to our own language icons

* Publish Docs

* Update additionalPermissions prop to warn about '*' resource

* Update docs based upon PR comments

* Publish Docs

* Fixed 'causes an error' stragglers

* Published docs

* Drop trailing space

documentation/aws-lambda-kendra.adoc, after:

//!!NODE_ROOT <section>
//== aws-lambda-kendra module

[.topic]
= aws-lambda-kendra
:info_doctype: section
:info_title: aws-lambda-kendra

'''''


image:https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Experimental-important.svg?style=for-the-badge[Stability:Experimental]

____
All classes are under active development and subject to non-backward
compatible changes or removal in any future version. These are not
subject to the https://semver.org/[Semantic Versioning] model. This
means that while you may use them, you may need to update your source
code when upgrading to a newer version of this package.
____

'''''

[width="100%",cols="50%,50%",options="header",]
|===
|*Reference Documentation*:
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/
|===

[width="100%",cols="50%,50%",options="header",]
|===
|*Language* |*Package*
|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/images/solutions/latest/constructs/images/python32.png[Python
Logo] Python
|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_lambda_kendra`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/images/solutions/latest/constructs/images/typescript32.png[Typescript
Logo] Typescript |`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-kendra`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/images/solutions/latest/constructs/images/java32.png[Java
Logo] Java |`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.lambdakendra`
|===

== Overview

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an AWS Lambda function and
Amazon Kendra index with the least privileged permissions.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

====
[role="tablist"]
Typescript::
+
[source,typescript]
----
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Stack, StackProps, Aws } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { LambdaToKendra } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-kendra';
import * as lambda from "aws-cdk-lib/aws-lambda";
import * as s3 from "aws-cdk-lib/aws-s3";

const lambdaProps: lambda.FunctionProps = {
  code: lambda.Code.fromAsset(`lambda`),
  runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_22_X,
  handler: 'index.handler'
};

new LambdaToKendra(this, 'sample', {
  lambdaFunctionProps: lambdaProps,
  kendraIndexProps: {},
  kendraDataSourceProps: [{
    type: 'S3',
    dataSourceConfiguration: {
      s3Configuration: {
        bucketName: 'your-bucket-name',
      }
    }
  ],
});
----

Python::
+
[source,python]
----
TBD
----

Java::
+
[source,java]
----
TBD
----
====

== Pattern Construct Props

[width="100%",cols="34%,33%,33%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|existingLambdaObj?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.Function.html[`lambda.Function`]
|Optional - instance of an existing Lambda Function object, providing both this and
`lambdaFunctionProps` will cause an error.

|lambdaFunctionProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.FunctionProps.html[`lambda.FunctionProps`]
|Optional - user provided props to override the default props for the Lambda function. Providing both this and `existingLambdaObj` causes an error.

|kendraIndexProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kendra.CfnIndex.html[`kendra.CfnIndexProps`]
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the
Kendra index. Providing both these and existingKendraIndexObj is an
error.

|kendraDataSourcesProps
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kendra.CfnDataSource.html[`CfnDataSourceProps[\]`]
|A list of data sources that will provide data to the Kendra index. _At
least 1 must be specified_. We will do majority of processing for some
data sources (S3 crawler initially), but for others the props must be
complete (e.g. proper roleArn, etc.)

|indexPermissions? |`string[]` |Optional - index permissions to
grant to the Lambda function. One or more of the following may be
specified: `Read`, `SubmitFeedback` and `Write`. Default is
`["Read", "SubmitFeedback"]`. Read is all the operations IAM
defines as Read and List. SubmitFeedback is only the SubmitFeedback
action. Write is all the operations IAM defines as Write and Tag. This
functionality may be overridden by providing a specific role arn in
lambdaFunctionProps

|existingKendraIndexObj?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kendra.CfnIndex.html[`kendra.cfnIndex`]
|An existing Kendra index to which the Lambda function will be granted
access. Supplying along with kendraIndexProps or kendraDataSourceProps
will throw an error.

|existingVpc?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.IVpc.html[`ec2.IVpc`]
|An optional, existing VPC into which this pattern should be deployed.
When deployed in a VPC, the Lambda function will use ENIs in the VPC to
access network resources. If an existing VPC is provided, the
`deployVpc` property cannot be `true`. This uses `ec2.IVpc` to allow
clients to supply VPCs that exist outside the stack using the
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.Vpc.html#static-fromwbrlookupscope-id-options[`ec2.Vpc.fromLookup()`]
method.

|vpcProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.VpcProps.html[`ec2.VpcProps`]
|Optional user provided properties to override the default properties
for the new VPC. `enableDnsHostnames`, `enableDnsSupport`, `natGateways`
and `subnetConfiguration` are set by the pattern, so any values for
those properties supplied here will be overridden. If `deployVpc` is not
`true` then this property will be ignored.

|deployVpc? |`boolean` |Whether to create a new VPC based on `vpcProps`
into which to deploy this pattern. Setting this to `true` will deploy
the minimal, most private VPC to run the pattern, consisting of (1) one
isolated subnet in each Availability Zone used by the CDK program; and
(2) `enableDnsHostnames` and `enableDnsSupport` both being set to
`true`. If this property is `true` then `existingVpc` cannot be
specified. Defaults to `false`.
|===

== Pattern Properties

[width="100%",cols="34%,33%,33%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|lambdaFunction
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.Function.html[`lambda.Function`]
|Returns an instance of `lambda.Function` managed by the construct

|kendraIndex
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kendra.CfnIndex.html[`kendra.cfnIndex`]
|Returns an instance of `kendra.cfnIndex` managed by the construct

|kendraDataSources |DataSourceProperties[] (this interface is
defined by Solutions Constructs and described below) |A list of data
sources created for this construct/index, each in an object that
includes the role for that data source.

|lambdaRole
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_iam.Role.html[`iam.Role`]
|The role assumed by the Lambda function

|vpc?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.IVpc.html[`ec2.IVpc`]
|Returns an interface on the VPC used by the pattern (if any). This may
be a VPC created by the pattern or the VPC supplied to the pattern
constructor.
|===

interface DataSourceProperties { role?:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_iam.Role.html[`iam.Role`],
source: |
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kendra.CfnDataSource.html[`CfnDataSource`]
} ## Lambda Function

This pattern requires a lambda function that can access a Kendra index.

== Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any overrides
will set the following defaults:

=== AWS Lambda Function

* Configure limited privilege access IAM role for Lambda function
* Enable reusing connections with Keep-Alive for Node.js Lambda function
* Enable X-Ray Tracing
* Set Environment Variables
** (default) KENDRA_INDEX_ID
** AWS_NODEJS_CONNECTION_REUSE_ENABLED

=== Amazon Kendra Index

* Creates Amazon Kendra endpoint in VPC if appropriate
* Defaults to DEVELOPER_EDITION

*Amazon Kendra DataSources*

* Sets up correct IAM roles to access data for:
** S3 data sources
** Which others should we support in MLP?
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kendra/latest/dg/iam-roles.html
* Adds each data source to Kendra index

== Architecture


image::images/aws-lambda-kendra.png["Diagram showing the Lambda function, Kendra index, CloudWatch log group and IAM roles created by the construct",scaledwidth=100%]

== Github

Go to the https://github.com/awslabs/aws-solutions-constructs/tree/main/source/patterns/%40aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-kendra[Github repo] for this pattern to view the code, read/create issues and pull requests and more.

'''''
