documentation/aws-iot-kinesisfirehose-s3.adoc, before:

//!!NODE_ROOT <section>
//== aws-iot-kinesisfirehose-s3 module

[.topic]
= aws-iot-kinesisfirehose-s3
:info_doctype: section
:info_title: aws-iot-kinesisfirehose-s3


image:https://img.shields.io/badge/cfn--resources-stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge[Stability:Stable]

[width="100%",cols="<50%,<50%",options="header",]
|===
|*Reference Documentation*:
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/
|===

[width="100%",cols="<46%,54%",options="header",]
|===
|*Language* |*Package*
|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png[Python
Logo] Python
|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_iot_kinesisfirehose_s3`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png[Typescript
Logo] Typescript |`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-iot-kinesisfirehose-s3`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png[Java
Logo] Java
|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.iotkinesisfirehoses3`
|===

== Overview

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an AWS IoT MQTT topic rule to
send data to an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream connected
to an Amazon S3 bucket.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

====
[role="tablist"]
Typescript::
+
[source,typescript]
----
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { IotToKinesisFirehoseToS3Props, IotToKinesisFirehoseToS3 } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-iot-kinesisfirehose-s3';

const constructProps: IotToKinesisFirehoseToS3Props = {
    iotTopicRuleProps: {
        topicRulePayload: {
            ruleDisabled: false,
            description: "Persistent storage of connected vehicle telematics data",
            sql: "SELECT * FROM 'connectedcar/telemetry/#'",
            actions: []
        }
    }
};

new IotToKinesisFirehoseToS3(this, 'test-iot-firehose-s3', constructProps);
----

Python::
+
[source,python]
----
from aws_solutions_constructs.aws_iot_kinesisfirehose_s3 import IotToKinesisFirehoseToS3Props, IotToKinesisFirehoseToS3
from aws_cdk import (
    aws_iot as iot,
    Stack
)
from constructs import Construct

IotToKinesisFirehoseToS3(self, 'test_iot_firehose_s3',
                        iot_topic_rule_props=iot.CfnTopicRuleProps(
                            topic_rule_payload=iot.CfnTopicRule.TopicRulePayloadProperty(
                                rule_disabled=False,
                                description="Persistent storage of connected vehicle telematics data",
                                sql="SELECT * FROM 'connectedcar/telemetry/#'",
                                actions=[]
                            )
                        ))
----

Java::
+
[source,java]
----
import software.constructs.Construct;
import java.util.List;

import software.amazon.awscdk.Stack;
import software.amazon.awscdk.StackProps;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.iot.*;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.iot.CfnTopicRule.TopicRulePayloadProperty;
import software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.iotkinesisfirehoses3.*;

new IotToKinesisFirehoseToS3(this, "test-iot-firehose-s3", new IotToKinesisFirehoseToS3Props.Builder()
        .iotTopicRuleProps(new CfnTopicRuleProps.Builder()
                .topicRulePayload(new TopicRulePayloadProperty.Builder()
                        .ruleDisabled(false)
                        .description("Persistent storage of connected vehicle telematics data")
                        .sql("SELECT * FROM 'connectedcar/telemetry/#'")
                        .actions(List.of())
                        .build())
                .build())
        .build());
----
====

== Pattern Construct Props

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|iotTopicRuleProps
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_iot.CfnTopicRuleProps.html[`iot.CfnTopicRuleProps`]
|User provided CfnTopicRuleProps to override the defaults

|kinesisFirehoseProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStreamProps.html[`kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStreamProps`]
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for Kinesis
Firehose Delivery Stream

|existingBucketObj?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.IBucket.html[`s3.IBucket`]
|Existing instance of S3 Bucket object, providing both this and
`bucketProps` will cause an error.

|bucketProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.BucketProps.html[`s3.BucketProps`]
|User provided props to override the default props for the S3 Bucket. If
this is provided, then also providing bucketProps is an error.

|logGroupProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_logs.LogGroupProps.html[`logs.LogGroupProps`]
|User provided props to override the default props for for the
CloudWatchLogs LogGroup.

|loggingBucketProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.BucketProps.html[`s3.BucketProps`]
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the S3
Logging Bucket.

|logS3AccessLogs? |boolean |Whether to turn on Access Logging for the S3
bucket. Creates an S3 bucket with associated storage costs for the logs.
Enabling Access Logging is a best practice. default - true
|===

== Pattern Properties

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|kinesisFirehose
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStream.html[`kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStream`]
|Returns an instance of kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStream created by the
construct

|s3Bucket?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.Bucket.html[`s3.Bucket`]
|Returns an instance of s3.Bucket created by the construct

|s3LoggingBucket?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.Bucket.html[`s3.Bucket`]
|Returns an instance of s3.Bucket created by the construct as the
logging bucket for the primary bucket.

|iotTopicRule
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_iot.CfnTopicRule.html[`iot.CfnTopicRule`]
|Returns an instance of iot.CfnTopicRule created by the construct

|iotActionsRole
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_iam.Role.html[`iam.Role`]
|Returns an instance of the iam.Role created by the construct for IoT
Rule

|kinesisFirehoseRole
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_iam.Role.html[`iam.Role`]
|Returns an instance of the iam.Role created by the construct for
Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream

|kinesisFirehoseLogGroup
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_logs.LogGroup.html[`logs.LogGroup`]
|Returns an instance of the LogGroup created by the construct for
Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream

|s3BucketInterface
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.IBucket.html[`s3.IBucket`]
|Returns an instance of s3.IBucket created by the construct
|===

== Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will
set the following defaults:

=== Amazon IoT Rule

* Configure least privilege access IAM role for Amazon IoT

=== Amazon Kinesis Firehose

* Enable CloudWatch logging for Kinesis Firehose
* Configure least privilege access IAM role for Amazon Kinesis Firehose

=== Amazon S3 Bucket

* Configure Access logging for S3 Bucket
* Enable server-side encryption for S3 Bucket using AWS managed KMS Key
* Enforce encryption of data in transit
* Turn on the versioning for S3 Bucket
* Don’t allow public access for S3 Bucket
* Retain the S3 Bucket when deleting the CloudFormation stack
* Applies Lifecycle rule to move noncurrent object versions to Glacier
storage after 90 days

== Architecture


image::images/aws-iot-kinesisfirehose-s3.png["Diagram showing the IOT rule, Kinesis data firehose, S3 buckets, log group and IAM roles created by the construct",scaledwidth=100%]

== Github

Go to the https://github.com/awslabs/aws-solutions-constructs/tree/main/source/patterns/%40aws-solutions-constructs/aws-iot-kinesisfirehose-s3[Github repo] for this pattern to view the code, read/create issues and pull requests and more.

'''''

Commit message:

feat(aws-lamda-textract): new construct (#1449)
* Store with 0.0.0 version

* Successful build/test prior to renaming topic props and making output bucket optional

* Everything works before adding temp Lambda functions for testing

* Initial Implementation

* Remove stray file

* Update topic creation to satisfy cfnGuard

* Clean up internal stuff

* New architecture diagrams

* clean

* Remove feature specific guides

* Undo changes made to lambda-translate env variables

* One more undone change

* Update permissions granted the Lambda function in the documentation

* Clarify

* Only set values when there's a bucket. Last working checkin before removing additionalPermissions

* Remove AddtionalPermissions (with '*' as the resource, it's better that client just add them to the function after it is created)

* Final cleanup

* Update language image locations

* Add language icons

* Point to our own language icons

* Publish Docs

* Update additionalPermissions prop to warn about '*' resource

* Update docs based upon PR comments

* Publish Docs

* Fixed 'causes an error' stragglers

* Published docs

* Drop trailing space

documentation/aws-iot-kinesisfirehose-s3.adoc, after:

//!!NODE_ROOT <section>
//== aws-iot-kinesisfirehose-s3 module

[.topic]
= aws-iot-kinesisfirehose-s3
:info_doctype: section
:info_title: aws-iot-kinesisfirehose-s3


image:https://img.shields.io/badge/cfn--resources-stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge[Stability:Stable]

[width="100%",cols="<50%,<50%",options="header",]
|===
|*Reference Documentation*:
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/
|===

[width="100%",cols="<46%,54%",options="header",]
|===
|*Language* |*Package*
|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/images/solutions/latest/constructs/images/python32.png[Python
Logo] Python
|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_iot_kinesisfirehose_s3`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/images/solutions/latest/constructs/images/typescript32.png[Typescript
Logo] Typescript |`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-iot-kinesisfirehose-s3`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/images/solutions/latest/constructs/images/java32.png[Java
Logo] Java
|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.iotkinesisfirehoses3`
|===

== Overview

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an AWS IoT MQTT topic rule to
send data to an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream connected
to an Amazon S3 bucket.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

====
[role="tablist"]
Typescript::
+
[source,typescript]
----
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { IotToKinesisFirehoseToS3Props, IotToKinesisFirehoseToS3 } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-iot-kinesisfirehose-s3';

const constructProps: IotToKinesisFirehoseToS3Props = {
    iotTopicRuleProps: {
        topicRulePayload: {
            ruleDisabled: false,
            description: "Persistent storage of connected vehicle telematics data",
            sql: "SELECT * FROM 'connectedcar/telemetry/#'",
            actions: []
        }
    }
};

new IotToKinesisFirehoseToS3(this, 'test-iot-firehose-s3', constructProps);
----

Python::
+
[source,python]
----
from aws_solutions_constructs.aws_iot_kinesisfirehose_s3 import IotToKinesisFirehoseToS3Props, IotToKinesisFirehoseToS3
from aws_cdk import (
    aws_iot as iot,
    Stack
)
from constructs import Construct

IotToKinesisFirehoseToS3(self, 'test_iot_firehose_s3',
                        iot_topic_rule_props=iot.CfnTopicRuleProps(
                            topic_rule_payload=iot.CfnTopicRule.TopicRulePayloadProperty(
                                rule_disabled=False,
                                description="Persistent storage of connected vehicle telematics data",
                                sql="SELECT * FROM 'connectedcar/telemetry/#'",
                                actions=[]
                            )
                        ))
----

Java::
+
[source,java]
----
import software.constructs.Construct;
import java.util.List;

import software.amazon.awscdk.Stack;
import software.amazon.awscdk.StackProps;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.iot.*;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.iot.CfnTopicRule.TopicRulePayloadProperty;
import software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.iotkinesisfirehoses3.*;

new IotToKinesisFirehoseToS3(this, "test-iot-firehose-s3", new IotToKinesisFirehoseToS3Props.Builder()
        .iotTopicRuleProps(new CfnTopicRuleProps.Builder()
                .topicRulePayload(new TopicRulePayloadProperty.Builder()
                        .ruleDisabled(false)
                        .description("Persistent storage of connected vehicle telematics data")
                        .sql("SELECT * FROM 'connectedcar/telemetry/#'")
                        .actions(List.of())
                        .build())
                .build())
        .build());
----
====

== Pattern Construct Props

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|iotTopicRuleProps
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_iot.CfnTopicRuleProps.html[`iot.CfnTopicRuleProps`]
|User provided CfnTopicRuleProps to override the defaults

|kinesisFirehoseProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStreamProps.html[`kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStreamProps`]
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for Kinesis
Firehose Delivery Stream

|existingBucketObj?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.IBucket.html[`s3.IBucket`]
|Optional - existing instance of S3 Bucket. If this is provided, then also providing bucketProps causes an error.
`bucketProps` will cause an error.

|bucketProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.BucketProps.html[`s3.BucketProps`]
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the S3 Bucket, providing both this and `existingBucketObj` will cause an error.

|logGroupProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_logs.LogGroupProps.html[`logs.LogGroupProps`]
|User provided props to override the default props for for the
CloudWatchLogs LogGroup.

|loggingBucketProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.BucketProps.html[`s3.BucketProps`]
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the S3
Logging Bucket.

|logS3AccessLogs? |boolean |Whether to turn on Access Logging for the S3
bucket. Creates an S3 bucket with associated storage costs for the logs.
Enabling Access Logging is a best practice. default - true
|===

== Pattern Properties

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|kinesisFirehose
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStream.html[`kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStream`]
|Returns an instance of kinesisfirehose.CfnDeliveryStream created by the
construct

|s3Bucket?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.Bucket.html[`s3.Bucket`]
|Returns an instance of s3.Bucket created by the construct

|s3LoggingBucket?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.Bucket.html[`s3.Bucket`]
|Returns an instance of s3.Bucket created by the construct as the
logging bucket for the primary bucket.

|iotTopicRule
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_iot.CfnTopicRule.html[`iot.CfnTopicRule`]
|Returns an instance of iot.CfnTopicRule created by the construct

|iotActionsRole
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_iam.Role.html[`iam.Role`]
|Returns an instance of the iam.Role created by the construct for IoT
Rule

|kinesisFirehoseRole
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_iam.Role.html[`iam.Role`]
|Returns an instance of the iam.Role created by the construct for
Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream

|kinesisFirehoseLogGroup
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_logs.LogGroup.html[`logs.LogGroup`]
|Returns an instance of the LogGroup created by the construct for
Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream

|s3BucketInterface
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.IBucket.html[`s3.IBucket`]
|Returns an instance of s3.IBucket created by the construct
|===

== Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will
set the following defaults:

=== Amazon IoT Rule

* Configure least privilege access IAM role for Amazon IoT

=== Amazon Kinesis Firehose

* Enable CloudWatch logging for Kinesis Firehose
* Configure least privilege access IAM role for Amazon Kinesis Firehose

=== Amazon S3 Bucket

* Configure Access logging for S3 Bucket
* Enable server-side encryption for S3 Bucket using AWS managed KMS Key
* Enforce encryption of data in transit
* Turn on the versioning for S3 Bucket
* Don’t allow public access for S3 Bucket
* Retain the S3 Bucket when deleting the CloudFormation stack
* Applies Lifecycle rule to move noncurrent object versions to Glacier
storage after 90 days

== Architecture


image::images/aws-iot-kinesisfirehose-s3.png["Diagram showing the IOT rule, Kinesis data firehose, S3 buckets, log group and IAM roles created by the construct",scaledwidth=100%]

== Github

Go to the https://github.com/awslabs/aws-solutions-constructs/tree/main/source/patterns/%40aws-solutions-constructs/aws-iot-kinesisfirehose-s3[Github repo] for this pattern to view the code, read/create issues and pull requests and more.

'''''
