documentation/aws-s3-sns.adoc, before:

//!!NODE_ROOT <section>
//== aws-s3-sns module

[.topic]
= aws-s3-sns
:info_doctype: section
:info_title: aws-s3-sns


image:https://img.shields.io/badge/cfn--resources-stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge[Stability:Stable]

[width="100%",cols="<50%,<50%",options="header",]
|===
|*Reference Documentation*:
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/
|===

[width="100%",cols="<46%,54%",options="header",]
|===
|*Language* |*Package*
|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png[Python
Logo] Python |`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_s3_sns`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png[Typescript
Logo] Typescript |`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-s3-sns`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png[Java
Logo] Java |`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.s3sns`
|===

== Overview

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an Amazon S3 Bucket that is
configured to send S3 event messages to an Amazon SNS topic.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

====
[role="tablist"]
Typescript::
+
[source,typescript]
----
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { S3ToSns } from "@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-s3-sns";

new S3ToSns(this, 'S3ToSNSPattern', {});
----

Python::
+
[source,python]
----
from aws_solutions_constructs.aws_s3_sns import S3ToSns
from aws_cdk import Stack
from constructs import Construct

S3ToSns(self, 'S3ToSNSPattern')
----

Java::
+
[source,java]
----
import software.constructs.Construct;

import software.amazon.awscdk.Stack;
import software.amazon.awscdk.StackProps;
import software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.s3sns.*;

new S3ToSns(this, "S3ToSNSPattern", new S3ToSnsProps.Builder()
        .build());
----
====

== Pattern Construct Props

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|existingBucketObj?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.Bucket.html[`s3.Bucket`]
|Existing instance of S3 Bucket object. If this is provided, then also
providing bucketProps is an error.

|bucketProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.BucketProps.html[`s3.BucketProps`]
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the S3
Bucket.

|s3EventTypes?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.EventType.html[`s3.EventType[\]`]
|The S3 event types that will trigger the notification. Defaults to
s3.EventType.OBJECT_CREATED.

|s3EventFilters?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.NotificationKeyFilter.html[`s3.NotificationKeyFilter[\]`]
|S3 object key filter rules to determine which objects trigger this
event. If not specified no filter rules will be applied.

|loggingBucketProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.BucketProps.html[`s3.BucketProps`]
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the S3
Logging Bucket.

|logS3AccessLogs? |`boolean` |Whether to turn on Access Logging for the
S3 bucket. Creates an S3 bucket with associated storage costs for the
logs. Enabling Access Logging is a best practice. default - true

|existingTopicObj?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sns.Topic.html[`sns.Topic`]
|An optional, existing SNS topic to be used instead of the default
topic. Providing both this and `topicProps` will cause an error. If the
SNS Topic is encrypted with a Customer-Managed KMS Key, the key must be
specified in the `existingTopicEncryptionKey` property.

|existingTopicEncryptionKey?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kms.Key.html[`kms.Key`]
|If an existing topic is provided in the `existingTopicObj` property,
and that topic is encrypted with a Customer-Managed KMS key, this
property also needs to be set with same key.

|topicProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sns.TopicProps.html[`sns.TopicProps`]
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the SNS
topic.

|enableEncryptionWithCustomerManagedKey? |`boolean` |If no key is
provided, this flag determines whether the topic is encrypted with a new
CMK or an AWS managed key. This flag is ignored if any of the following
are defined: topicProps.encryptionMasterKey, encryptionKey or
encryptionKeyProps.

|encryptionKey?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kms.Key.html[`kms.Key`]
|An optional, imported encryption key to encrypt the SNS Topic with.

|encryptionKeyProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kms.Key.html#construct-props[`kms.KeyProps`]
|Optional user provided properties to override the default properties
for the KMS encryption key used to encrypt the SNS Topic with.
|===

== Pattern Properties

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|snsTopic
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sns.Topic.html[`sns.Topic`]
|Returns an instance of the SNS Topic created by the pattern.

|encryptionKey?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kms.Key.html[`kms.Key`]
|Returns an instance of the kms.Key associated with the SNS Topic

|s3Bucket?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.Bucket.html[`s3.Bucket`]
|Returns an instance of the s3.Bucket created by the construct

|s3LoggingBucket?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.Bucket.html[`s3.Bucket`]
|Returns an instance of s3.Bucket created by the construct as the
logging bucket for the primary bucket.

|s3BucketInterface
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.IBucket.html[`s3.IBucket`]
|Returns an instance of s3.IBucket created by the construct.
|===

== Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will
set the following defaults:

=== Amazon S3 Bucket

* Configure Access logging for the S3 Bucket
* Enable server-side encryption for S3 Bucket using an AWS managed KMS
Key
* Enforce encryption of data in transit
* Turn on the versioning for the S3 Bucket
* Don’t allow public access for the S3 Bucket
* Retain the S3 Bucket when deleting the CloudFormation stack
* Applies Lifecycle rule to move noncurrent object versions to Glacier
storage after 90 days

=== Amazon SNS Topic

* Configure least privilege SNS Topic access policy to allow the S3
Bucket to publish messages to it
* Enable server-side encryption for the SNS Topic using an AWS managed
KMS Key
* Enforce encryption of data in transit

== Architecture


image::images/aws-s3-sns.png["Diagram showing the S3 bucket and SNS topic created by the construct",scaledwidth=100%]

== Github

Go to the https://github.com/awslabs/aws-solutions-constructs/tree/main/source/patterns/%40aws-solutions-constructs/aws-s3-sns[Github repo] for this pattern to view the code, read/create issues and pull requests and more.

'''''

Commit message:

feat(aws-lamda-textract): new construct (#1449)
* Store with 0.0.0 version

* Successful build/test prior to renaming topic props and making output bucket optional

* Everything works before adding temp Lambda functions for testing

* Initial Implementation

* Remove stray file

* Update topic creation to satisfy cfnGuard

* Clean up internal stuff

* New architecture diagrams

* clean

* Remove feature specific guides

* Undo changes made to lambda-translate env variables

* One more undone change

* Update permissions granted the Lambda function in the documentation

* Clarify

* Only set values when there's a bucket. Last working checkin before removing additionalPermissions

* Remove AddtionalPermissions (with '*' as the resource, it's better that client just add them to the function after it is created)

* Final cleanup

* Update language image locations

* Add language icons

* Point to our own language icons

* Publish Docs

* Update additionalPermissions prop to warn about '*' resource

* Update docs based upon PR comments

* Publish Docs

* Fixed 'causes an error' stragglers

* Published docs

* Drop trailing space

documentation/aws-s3-sns.adoc, after:

//!!NODE_ROOT <section>
//== aws-s3-sns module

[.topic]
= aws-s3-sns
:info_doctype: section
:info_title: aws-s3-sns


image:https://img.shields.io/badge/cfn--resources-stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge[Stability:Stable]

[width="100%",cols="<50%,<50%",options="header",]
|===
|*Reference Documentation*:
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/
|===

[width="100%",cols="<46%,54%",options="header",]
|===
|*Language* |*Package*
|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/images/solutions/latest/constructs/images/python32.png[Python
Logo] Python |`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_s3_sns`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/images/solutions/latest/constructs/images/typescript32.png[Typescript
Logo] Typescript |`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-s3-sns`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/images/solutions/latest/constructs/images/java32.png[Java
Logo] Java |`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.s3sns`
|===

== Overview

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an Amazon S3 Bucket that is
configured to send S3 event messages to an Amazon SNS topic.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

====
[role="tablist"]
Typescript::
+
[source,typescript]
----
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { S3ToSns } from "@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-s3-sns";

new S3ToSns(this, 'S3ToSNSPattern', {});
----

Python::
+
[source,python]
----
from aws_solutions_constructs.aws_s3_sns import S3ToSns
from aws_cdk import Stack
from constructs import Construct

S3ToSns(self, 'S3ToSNSPattern')
----

Java::
+
[source,java]
----
import software.constructs.Construct;

import software.amazon.awscdk.Stack;
import software.amazon.awscdk.StackProps;
import software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.s3sns.*;

new S3ToSns(this, "S3ToSNSPattern", new S3ToSnsProps.Builder()
        .build());
----
====

== Pattern Construct Props

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|existingBucketObj?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.IBucket.html[`s3.IBucket`]
|Optional - existing instance of S3 Bucket. If this is provided, then also
providing bucketProps causes an error.

|bucketProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.BucketProps.html[`s3.BucketProps`]
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the S3
Bucket.

|s3EventTypes?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.EventType.html[`s3.EventType[\]`]
|The S3 event types that will trigger the notification. Defaults to
s3.EventType.OBJECT_CREATED.

|s3EventFilters?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.NotificationKeyFilter.html[`s3.NotificationKeyFilter[\]`]
|S3 object key filter rules to determine which objects trigger this
event. If not specified no filter rules will be applied.

|loggingBucketProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.BucketProps.html[`s3.BucketProps`]
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the S3
Logging Bucket.

|logS3AccessLogs? |`boolean` |Whether to turn on Access Logging for the
S3 bucket. Creates an S3 bucket with associated storage costs for the
logs. Enabling Access Logging is a best practice. default - true

|existingTopicObj?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sns.Topic.html[`sns.Topic`]
|Optional - existing instance of SNS topic object, providing both this and `topicProps` will cause an error. If the SNS Topic is encrypted with a Customer-Managed KMS Key, the key must be specified in the `existingTopicEncryptionKey` property.

|existingTopicEncryptionKey?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kms.Key.html[`kms.Key`]
|If an existing topic is provided in the `existingTopicObj` property,
and that topic is encrypted with a Customer-Managed KMS key, this
property also needs to be set with same key.

|topicProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sns.TopicProps.html[`sns.TopicProps`]
|Optional - user provided properties to override the default properties for the SNS topic. Providing both this and `existingTopicObj` causes an error.

|enableEncryptionWithCustomerManagedKey? |`boolean` |If no key is
provided, this flag determines whether the topic is encrypted with a new
CMK or an AWS managed key. This flag is ignored if any of the following
are defined: topicProps.encryptionMasterKey, encryptionKey or
encryptionKeyProps.

|encryptionKey?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kms.Key.html[`kms.Key`]
|An optional, imported encryption key to encrypt the SNS Topic with.

|encryptionKeyProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kms.Key.html#construct-props[`kms.KeyProps`]
|Optional user provided properties to override the default properties
for the KMS encryption key used to encrypt the SNS Topic with.
|===

== Pattern Properties

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|snsTopic
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sns.Topic.html[`sns.Topic`]
|Returns an instance of the SNS Topic created by the pattern.

|encryptionKey?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kms.Key.html[`kms.Key`]
|Returns an instance of the kms.Key associated with the SNS Topic

|s3Bucket?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.Bucket.html[`s3.Bucket`]
|Returns an instance of the s3.Bucket created by the construct

|s3LoggingBucket?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.Bucket.html[`s3.Bucket`]
|Returns an instance of s3.Bucket created by the construct as the
logging bucket for the primary bucket.

|s3BucketInterface
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.IBucket.html[`s3.IBucket`]
|Returns an instance of s3.IBucket created by the construct.
|===

== Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will
set the following defaults:

=== Amazon S3 Bucket

* Configure Access logging for the S3 Bucket
* Enable server-side encryption for S3 Bucket using an AWS managed KMS
Key
* Enforce encryption of data in transit
* Turn on the versioning for the S3 Bucket
* Don’t allow public access for the S3 Bucket
* Retain the S3 Bucket when deleting the CloudFormation stack
* Applies Lifecycle rule to move noncurrent object versions to Glacier
storage after 90 days

=== Amazon SNS Topic

* Configure least privilege SNS Topic access policy to allow the S3
Bucket to publish messages to it
* Enable server-side encryption for the SNS Topic using an AWS managed
KMS Key
* Enforce encryption of data in transit

== Architecture


image::images/aws-s3-sns.png["Diagram showing the S3 bucket and SNS topic created by the construct",scaledwidth=100%]

== Github

Go to the https://github.com/awslabs/aws-solutions-constructs/tree/main/source/patterns/%40aws-solutions-constructs/aws-s3-sns[Github repo] for this pattern to view the code, read/create issues and pull requests and more.

'''''
