documentation/aws-alb-lambda.adoc, before:

//!!NODE_ROOT <section>
//== aws-alb-lambda module

[.topic]
= aws-alb-lambda
:info_doctype: section
:info_title: aws-alb-lambda


image:https://img.shields.io/badge/cfn--resources-stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge[Stability:Stable]

[width="100%",cols="<50%,<50%",options="header",]
|===
|*Reference Documentation*:
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/
|===

[width="100%",cols="<46%,54%",options="header",]
|===
|*Language* |*Package*
|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png[Python
Logo] Python |`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_alb_lambda`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png[Typescript
Logo] Typescript |`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-alb-lambda`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png[Java
Logo] Java |`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.alblambda`
|===

== Overview

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an an Application Load Balancer
to an AWS Lambda function

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

====
[role="tablist"]
Typescript::
+
[source,typescript]
----
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { AlbToLambda, AlbToLambdaProps } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-alb-lambda';
import * as acm from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-certificatemanager';
import * as lambda from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-lambda';

// Obtain a pre-existing certificate from your account
const certificate = acm.Certificate.fromCertificateArn(
    this,
    'existing-cert',
    "arn:aws:acm:us-east-1:123456789012:certificate/11112222-3333-1234-1234-123456789012"
);

const constructProps: AlbToLambdaProps = {
  lambdaFunctionProps: {
    code: lambda.Code.fromAsset(`lambda`),
    runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_22_X,
    handler: 'index.handler'
  },
  listenerProps: {
    certificates: [certificate]
  },
  publicApi: true
};

// Note - all alb constructs turn on ELB logging by default, so require that an environment including account
// and region be provided when creating the stack
//
// new MyStack(app, 'id', {env: {account: '123456789012', region: 'us-east-1' }});
new AlbToLambda(this, 'new-construct', constructProps);
----

Python::
+
[source,python]
----
from aws_solutions_constructs.aws_alb_lambda import AlbToLambda, AlbToLambdaProps
from aws_cdk import (
    aws_certificatemanager as acm,
    aws_lambda as _lambda,
    aws_elasticloadbalancingv2 as alb,
    Stack
)
from constructs import Construct

# Obtain a pre-existing certificate from your account
certificate = acm.Certificate.from_certificate_arn(
  self,
  'existing-cert',
  "arn:aws:acm:us-east-1:123456789012:certificate/11112222-3333-1234-1234-123456789012"
)

# Note - all alb constructs turn on ELB logging by default, so require that an environment including account
# and region be provided when creating the stack
#
# MyStack(app, 'id', env=cdk.Environment(account='123456789012', region='us-east-1'))
AlbToLambda(self, 'new-construct',
            lambda_function_props=_lambda.FunctionProps(
                runtime=_lambda.Runtime.PYTHON_3_11,
                code=_lambda.Code.from_asset('lambda'),
                handler='index.handler',
            ),
            listener_props=alb.BaseApplicationListenerProps(
                certificates=[certificate]
            ),
            public_api=True)
----

Java::
+
[source,java]
----
import software.constructs.Construct;
import java.util.List;

import software.amazon.awscdk.Stack;
import software.amazon.awscdk.StackProps;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.elasticloadbalancingv2.*;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.lambda.*;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.lambda.Runtime;
import software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.alblambda.*;

// Obtain a pre-existing certificate from your account
ListenerCertificate listenerCertificate = ListenerCertificate
        .fromArn("arn:aws:acm:us-east-1:123456789012:certificate/11112222-3333-1234-1234-123456789012");

// Note - all alb constructs turn on ELB logging by default, so require that an environment including account
// and region be provided when creating the stack
//
// new MyStack(app, "id", StackProps.builder()
//         .env(Environment.builder()
//                 .account("123456789012")
//                 .region("us-east-1")
//                 .build());
new AlbToLambda(this, "AlbToLambdaPattern", new AlbToLambdaProps.Builder()
        .lambdaFunctionProps(new FunctionProps.Builder()
                .runtime(Runtime.NODEJS_22_X)
                .code(Code.fromAsset("lambda"))
                .handler("index.handler")
                .build())
        .listenerProps(new BaseApplicationListenerProps.Builder()
                .certificates(List.of(listenerCertificate))
                .build())
        .publicApi(true)
        .build());
----
====

== Pattern Construct Props

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|loadBalancerProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_elasticloadbalancingv2.ApplicationLoadBalancerProps.html[elasticloadbalancingv2.ApplicationLoadBalancerProps]
|Optional custom properties for a new loadBalancer. Providing both this
and existingLoadBalancer is an error. This cannot specify a VPC, it will
use the VPC in existingVpc or the VPC created by the construct.

|existingLoadBalancerObj?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_elasticloadbalancingv2.ApplicationLoadBalancer.html[elasticloadbalancingv2.ApplicationLoadBalancer]
|Existing Application Load Balancer to incorporate into the construct
architecture. Providing both this and loadBalancerProps is an error. The
VPC containing this loadBalancer must match the VPC provided in
existingVpc.

|listenerProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_elasticloadbalancingv2.ApplicationListenerProps.html[ApplicationListenerProps]
|Props to define the listener. Must be provided when adding the listener
to an ALB (eg - when creating the alb), may not be provided when adding
a second target to an already established listener. When provided, must
include either a certificate or protocol: HTTP

|targetProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_elasticloadbalancingv2.ApplicationTargetGroupProps.html[ApplicationTargetGroupProps]
|Optional custom properties for a new target group. While this is a
standard attribute of props for ALB constructs, there are few pertinent
properties for a Lambda target.

|ruleProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_elasticloadbalancingv2.AddRuleProps.html[AddRuleProps]
|Rules for directing traffic to the target being created. May not be
specified for the first listener added to an ALB, and must be specified
for the second target added to a listener. Add a second target by
instantiating this construct a second time and providing the existingAlb
from the first instantiation.

|vpcProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.VpcProps.html[ec2.VpcProps]
|Optional custom properties for a VPC the construct will create. This
VPC will be used by the new ALB and any Private Hosted Zone the
construct creates (that’s why loadBalancerProps and
privateHostedZoneProps can’t include a VPC). Providing both this and
existingVpc is an error.

|existingLambdaObj?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.Function.html[`lambda.Function`]
|Existing instance of Lambda Function object, providing both this and
`lambdaFunctionProps` will cause an error.

|lambdaFunctionProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.FunctionProps.html[`lambda.FunctionProps`]
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the
Lambda function.

|existingVpc?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.IVpc.html[ec2.IVpc]
|An existing VPC in which to deploy the construct. Providing both this
and vpcProps is an error. If the client provides an existing load
balancer and/or existing Private Hosted Zone, those constructs must
exist in this VPC.

|logAlbAccessLogs? |boolean |Whether to turn on Access Logs for the
Application Load Balancer. Uses an S3 bucket with associated storage
costs.Enabling Access Logging is a best practice. default - true

|albLoggingBucketProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.BucketProps.html[s3.BucketProps]
|Optional properties to customize the bucket used to store the ALB
Access Logs. Supplying this and setting logAccessLogs to false is an
error. @default - none

|publicApi |boolean |Whether the construct is deploying a private or
public API. This has implications for the VPC and ALB.
|===

== Pattern Properties

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|vpc
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.IVpc.html[ec2.IVpc]
|The VPC used by the construct (whether created by the construct or
providedb by the client)

|loadBalancer
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_elasticloadbalancingv2.ApplicationLoadBalancer.html[elasticloadbalancingv2.ApplicationLoadBalancer]
|The Load Balancer used by the construct (whether created by the
construct or provided by the client)

|lambdaFunction
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.Function.html[`lambda.Function`]
|Returns an instance of the Lambda function used in the pattern.

|listener
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_elasticloadbalancingv2.ApplicationListener.html[`elb.ApplicationListener`]
|The listener used by this pattern.
|===

== Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will
set the following defaults:

=== Application Load Balancer

* Creates or configures an Application Load Balancer with:
** Required listeners
** New target group with routing rules if appropriate

=== AWS Lambda Function

* Configure limited privilege access IAM role for Lambda function
* Enable reusing connections with Keep-Alive for NodeJs Lambda function
* Enable X-Ray Tracing
* Set Environment Variables
** AWS_NODEJS_CONNECTION_REUSE_ENABLED (for Node 10.x
and higher functions)

== Architecture


image::images/aws-alb-lambda.png["AWS architecture diagram showing Application Load Balancer, Lambda function, S3, and CloudWatch interactions.",scaledwidth=100%]

== Github

Go to the https://github.com/awslabs/aws-solutions-constructs/tree/main/source/patterns/%40aws-solutions-constructs/aws-alb-lambda[Github repo] for this pattern to view the code, read/create issues and pull requests and more.

'''''

Commit message:

feat(aws-lamda-textract): new construct (#1449)
* Store with 0.0.0 version

* Successful build/test prior to renaming topic props and making output bucket optional

* Everything works before adding temp Lambda functions for testing

* Initial Implementation

* Remove stray file

* Update topic creation to satisfy cfnGuard

* Clean up internal stuff

* New architecture diagrams

* clean

* Remove feature specific guides

* Undo changes made to lambda-translate env variables

* One more undone change

* Update permissions granted the Lambda function in the documentation

* Clarify

* Only set values when there's a bucket. Last working checkin before removing additionalPermissions

* Remove AddtionalPermissions (with '*' as the resource, it's better that client just add them to the function after it is created)

* Final cleanup

* Update language image locations

* Add language icons

* Point to our own language icons

* Publish Docs

* Update additionalPermissions prop to warn about '*' resource

* Update docs based upon PR comments

* Publish Docs

* Fixed 'causes an error' stragglers

* Published docs

* Drop trailing space

documentation/aws-alb-lambda.adoc, after:

//!!NODE_ROOT <section>
//== aws-alb-lambda module

[.topic]
= aws-alb-lambda
:info_doctype: section
:info_title: aws-alb-lambda


image:https://img.shields.io/badge/cfn--resources-stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge[Stability:Stable]

[width="100%",cols="<50%,<50%",options="header",]
|===
|*Reference Documentation*:
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/
|===

[width="100%",cols="<46%,54%",options="header",]
|===
|*Language* |*Package*
|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/images/solutions/latest/constructs/images/python32.png[Python
Logo] Python |`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_alb_lambda`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/images/solutions/latest/constructs/images/typescript32.png[Typescript
Logo] Typescript |`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-alb-lambda`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/images/solutions/latest/constructs/images/java32.png[Java
Logo] Java |`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.alblambda`
|===

== Overview

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an an Application Load Balancer
to an AWS Lambda function

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

====
[role="tablist"]
Typescript::
+
[source,typescript]
----
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { AlbToLambda, AlbToLambdaProps } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-alb-lambda';
import * as acm from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-certificatemanager';
import * as lambda from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-lambda';

// Obtain a pre-existing certificate from your account
const certificate = acm.Certificate.fromCertificateArn(
    this,
    'existing-cert',
    "arn:aws:acm:us-east-1:123456789012:certificate/11112222-3333-1234-1234-123456789012"
);

const constructProps: AlbToLambdaProps = {
  lambdaFunctionProps: {
    code: lambda.Code.fromAsset(`lambda`),
    runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_22_X,
    handler: 'index.handler'
  },
  listenerProps: {
    certificates: [certificate]
  },
  publicApi: true
};

// Note - all alb constructs turn on ELB logging by default, so require that an environment including account
// and region be provided when creating the stack
//
// new MyStack(app, 'id', {env: {account: '123456789012', region: 'us-east-1' }});
new AlbToLambda(this, 'new-construct', constructProps);
----

Python::
+
[source,python]
----
from aws_solutions_constructs.aws_alb_lambda import AlbToLambda, AlbToLambdaProps
from aws_cdk import (
    aws_certificatemanager as acm,
    aws_lambda as _lambda,
    aws_elasticloadbalancingv2 as alb,
    Stack
)
from constructs import Construct

# Obtain a pre-existing certificate from your account
certificate = acm.Certificate.from_certificate_arn(
  self,
  'existing-cert',
  "arn:aws:acm:us-east-1:123456789012:certificate/11112222-3333-1234-1234-123456789012"
)

# Note - all alb constructs turn on ELB logging by default, so require that an environment including account
# and region be provided when creating the stack
#
# MyStack(app, 'id', env=cdk.Environment(account='123456789012', region='us-east-1'))
AlbToLambda(self, 'new-construct',
            lambda_function_props=_lambda.FunctionProps(
                runtime=_lambda.Runtime.PYTHON_3_11,
                code=_lambda.Code.from_asset('lambda'),
                handler='index.handler',
            ),
            listener_props=alb.BaseApplicationListenerProps(
                certificates=[certificate]
            ),
            public_api=True)
----

Java::
+
[source,java]
----
import software.constructs.Construct;
import java.util.List;

import software.amazon.awscdk.Stack;
import software.amazon.awscdk.StackProps;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.elasticloadbalancingv2.*;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.lambda.*;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.lambda.Runtime;
import software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.alblambda.*;

// Obtain a pre-existing certificate from your account
ListenerCertificate listenerCertificate = ListenerCertificate
        .fromArn("arn:aws:acm:us-east-1:123456789012:certificate/11112222-3333-1234-1234-123456789012");

// Note - all alb constructs turn on ELB logging by default, so require that an environment including account
// and region be provided when creating the stack
//
// new MyStack(app, "id", StackProps.builder()
//         .env(Environment.builder()
//                 .account("123456789012")
//                 .region("us-east-1")
//                 .build());
new AlbToLambda(this, "AlbToLambdaPattern", new AlbToLambdaProps.Builder()
        .lambdaFunctionProps(new FunctionProps.Builder()
                .runtime(Runtime.NODEJS_22_X)
                .code(Code.fromAsset("lambda"))
                .handler("index.handler")
                .build())
        .listenerProps(new BaseApplicationListenerProps.Builder()
                .certificates(List.of(listenerCertificate))
                .build())
        .publicApi(true)
        .build());
----
====

== Pattern Construct Props

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|loadBalancerProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_elasticloadbalancingv2.ApplicationLoadBalancerProps.html[elasticloadbalancingv2.ApplicationLoadBalancerProps]
|Optional custom properties for a new loadBalancer. Providing both this
and existingLoadBalancer causes an error. This cannot specify a VPC, it will
use the VPC in existingVpc or the VPC created by the construct.

|existingLoadBalancerObj?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_elasticloadbalancingv2.ApplicationLoadBalancer.html[elasticloadbalancingv2.ApplicationLoadBalancer]
|Existing Application Load Balancer to incorporate into the construct
architecture. Providing both this and loadBalancerProps causes an error. The
VPC containing this loadBalancer must match the VPC provided in
existingVpc.

|listenerProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_elasticloadbalancingv2.ApplicationListenerProps.html[ApplicationListenerProps]
|Props to define the listener. Must be provided when adding the listener
to an ALB (eg - when creating the alb), may not be provided when adding
a second target to an already established listener. When provided, must
include either a certificate or protocol: HTTP

|targetProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_elasticloadbalancingv2.ApplicationTargetGroupProps.html[ApplicationTargetGroupProps]
|Optional custom properties for a new target group. While this is a
standard attribute of props for ALB constructs, there are few pertinent
properties for a Lambda target.

|ruleProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_elasticloadbalancingv2.AddRuleProps.html[AddRuleProps]
|Rules for directing traffic to the target being created. May not be
specified for the first listener added to an ALB, and must be specified
for the second target added to a listener. Add a second target by
instantiating this construct a second time and providing the existingAlb
from the first instantiation.

|vpcProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.VpcProps.html[ec2.VpcProps]
|Optional custom properties for a VPC the construct will create. This
VPC will be used by the new ALB and any Private Hosted Zone the
construct creates (that’s why loadBalancerProps and
privateHostedZoneProps can’t include a VPC). Providing both this and
existingVpc causes an error.

|existingLambdaObj?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.Function.html[`lambda.Function`]
|Optional - instance of an existing Lambda Function object, providing both this and
`lambdaFunctionProps` will cause an error.

|lambdaFunctionProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.FunctionProps.html[`lambda.FunctionProps`]
|Optional - user provided props to override the default props for the Lambda function. Providing both this and `existingLambdaObj` causes an error.

|existingVpc?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.IVpc.html[ec2.IVpc]
|An existing VPC in which to deploy the construct. Providing both this
and vpcProps causes an error. If the client provides an existing load
balancer and/or existing Private Hosted Zone, those constructs must
exist in this VPC.

|logAlbAccessLogs? |boolean |Whether to turn on Access Logs for the
Application Load Balancer. Uses an S3 bucket with associated storage
costs.Enabling Access Logging is a best practice. default - true

|albLoggingBucketProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.BucketProps.html[s3.BucketProps]
|Optional properties to customize the bucket used to store the ALB
Access Logs. Supplying this and setting logAccessLogs to false is an
error. @default - none

|publicApi |boolean |Whether the construct is deploying a private or
public API. This has implications for the VPC and ALB.
|===

== Pattern Properties

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|vpc
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.IVpc.html[ec2.IVpc]
|The VPC used by the construct (whether created by the construct or
providedb by the client)

|loadBalancer
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_elasticloadbalancingv2.ApplicationLoadBalancer.html[elasticloadbalancingv2.ApplicationLoadBalancer]
|The Load Balancer used by the construct (whether created by the
construct or provided by the client)

|lambdaFunction
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.Function.html[`lambda.Function`]
|Returns an instance of the Lambda function used in the pattern.

|listener
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_elasticloadbalancingv2.ApplicationListener.html[`elb.ApplicationListener`]
|The listener used by this pattern.
|===

== Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will
set the following defaults:

=== Application Load Balancer

* Creates or configures an Application Load Balancer with:
** Required listeners
** New target group with routing rules if appropriate

=== AWS Lambda Function

* Configure limited privilege access IAM role for Lambda function
* Enable reusing connections with Keep-Alive for NodeJs Lambda function
* Enable X-Ray Tracing
* Set Environment Variables
** AWS_NODEJS_CONNECTION_REUSE_ENABLED (for Node 10.x
and higher functions)

== Architecture


image::images/aws-alb-lambda.png["AWS architecture diagram showing Application Load Balancer, Lambda function, S3, and CloudWatch interactions.",scaledwidth=100%]

== Github

Go to the https://github.com/awslabs/aws-solutions-constructs/tree/main/source/patterns/%40aws-solutions-constructs/aws-alb-lambda[Github repo] for this pattern to view the code, read/create issues and pull requests and more.

'''''
