documentation/aws-lambda-s3.adoc, before:

//!!NODE_ROOT <section>
//== aws-lambda-s3 module

[.topic]
= aws-lambda-s3
:info_doctype: section
:info_title: aws-lambda-s3


image:https://img.shields.io/badge/cfn--resources-stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge[Stability:Stable]

[width="100%",cols="<50%,<50%",options="header",]
|===
|*Reference Documentation*:
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/
|===

[width="100%",cols="<46%,54%",options="header",]
|===
|*Language* |*Package*
|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png[Python
Logo] Python |`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_lambda_s3`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png[Typescript
Logo] Typescript |`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-s3`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png[Java
Logo] Java |`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.lambdas3`
|===

== Overview

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an AWS Lambda function connected
to an Amazon S3 bucket.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition :

====
[role="tablist"]
Typescript::
+
[source,typescript]
----
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { LambdaToS3 } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-s3';
import * as lambda from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-lambda';

new LambdaToS3(this, 'LambdaToS3Pattern', {
    lambdaFunctionProps: {
        runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_20_X,
        handler: 'index.handler',
        code: lambda.Code.fromAsset(`lambda`)
    }
});
----

Python::
+
[source,python]
----
from aws_solutions_constructs.aws_lambda_s3 import LambdaToS3
from aws_cdk import (
    aws_lambda as _lambda,
    Stack
)
from constructs import Construct

LambdaToS3(self, 'LambdaToS3Pattern',
        lambda_function_props=_lambda.FunctionProps(
            code=_lambda.Code.from_asset('lambda'),
            runtime=_lambda.Runtime.PYTHON_3_11,
            handler='index.handler'
        )
        )
----

Java::
+
[source,java]
----
import software.constructs.Construct;

import software.amazon.awscdk.Stack;
import software.amazon.awscdk.StackProps;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.lambda.*;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.lambda.Runtime;
import software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.lambdas3.*;

new LambdaToS3(this, "LambdaToS3Pattern", new LambdaToS3Props.Builder()
        .lambdaFunctionProps(new FunctionProps.Builder()
                .runtime(Runtime.NODEJS_20_X)
                .code(Code.fromAsset("lambda"))
                .handler("index.handler")
                .build())
        .build());
----
====

== Pattern Construct Props

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|existingLambdaObj?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.Function.html[`lambda.Function`]
|Existing instance of Lambda Function object, providing both this and
`lambdaFunctionProps` will cause an error.

|lambdaFunctionProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.FunctionProps.html[`lambda.FunctionProps`]
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the
Lambda function.

|existingBucketObj?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.IBucket.html[`s3.IBucket`]
|Existing instance of S3 Bucket object. If this is provided, then also
providing bucketProps is an error.

|bucketProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.BucketProps.html[`s3.BucketProps`]
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the S3
Bucket.

|bucketPermissions? |`string[]` |Optional bucket permissions to
grant to the Lambda function. One or more of the following may be
specified: `Delete`, `Put`, `Read`, `ReadWrite`, `Write`.

|existingVpc?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.IVpc.html[`ec2.IVpc`]
|An optional, existing VPC into which this pattern should be deployed.
When deployed in a VPC, the Lambda function will use ENIs in the VPC to
access network resources and an Interface Endpoint will be created in
the VPC for Amazon S3. If an existing VPC is provided, the `deployVpc`
property cannot be `true`. This uses `ec2.IVpc` to allow clients to
supply VPCs that exist outside the stack using the
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.Vpc.html#static-fromwbrlookupscope-id-options[`ec2.Vpc.fromLookup()`]
method.

|vpcProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.VpcProps.html[`ec2.VpcProps`]
|Optional user provided properties to override the default properties
for the new VPC. `enableDnsHostnames`, `enableDnsSupport`, `natGateways`
and `subnetConfiguration` are set by the pattern, so any values for
those properties supplied here will be overridden. If `deployVpc` is not
`true` then this property will be ignored.

|deployVpc? |`boolean` |Whether to create a new VPC based on `vpcProps`
into which to deploy this pattern. Setting this to true will deploy the
minimal, most private VPC to run the pattern:

|bucketEnvironmentVariableName? |`string` |Optional Name for the Lambda
function environment variable set to the name of the bucket. Default:
S3_BUCKET_NAME

|loggingBucketProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.BucketProps.html[`s3.BucketProps`]
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the S3
Logging Bucket.

|logS3AccessLogs? |boolean |Whether to turn on Access Logging for the S3
bucket. Creates an S3 bucket with associated storage costs for the logs.
Enabling Access Logging is a best practice. default - true
|===

== Pattern Properties

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|lambdaFunction
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.Function.html[`lambda.Function`]
|Returns an instance of the Lambda function created by the pattern.

|s3Bucket?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.Bucket.html[`s3.Bucket`]
|Returns an instance of the S3 bucket created by the pattern.

|s3LoggingBucket?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.Bucket.html[`s3.Bucket`]
|Returns an instance of s3.Bucket created by the construct as the
logging bucket for the primary bucket.

|vpc?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.IVpc.html[`ec2.IVpc`]
|Returns an interface on the VPC used by the pattern (if any). This may
be a VPC created by the pattern or the VPC supplied to the pattern
constructor.

|s3BucketInterface
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.IBucket.html[`s3.IBucket`]
|Returns an instance of s3.IBucket created by the construct.
|===

== Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will
set the following defaults:

=== AWS Lambda Function

* Configure limited privilege access IAM role for Lambda function
* Enable reusing connections with Keep-Alive for NodeJs Lambda function
* Enable X-Ray Tracing
* Set Environment Variables
** (default) S3_BUCKET_NAME
** AWS_NODEJS_CONNECTION_REUSE_ENABLED (for Node 10.x
and higher functions)

=== Amazon S3 Bucket

* Configure Access logging for S3 Bucket
* Enable server-side encryption for S3 Bucket using AWS managed KMS Key
* Enforce encryption of data in transit
* Turn on the versioning for S3 Bucket
* Don’t allow public access for S3 Bucket
* Retain the S3 Bucket when deleting the CloudFormation stack
* Applies Lifecycle rule to move noncurrent object versions to Glacier
storage after 90 days

== Architecture


image::images/aws-lambda-s3.png["Diagram showing the Lambda function, S3 bucket and IAM role created by the construct",scaledwidth=100%]

== Github

Go to the https://github.com/awslabs/aws-solutions-constructs/tree/main/source/patterns/%40aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-s3[Github repo] for this pattern to view the code, read/create issues and pull requests and more.

'''''

Commit message:

Node 22, example links in README

documentation/aws-lambda-s3.adoc, after:

//!!NODE_ROOT <section>
//== aws-lambda-s3 module

[.topic]
= aws-lambda-s3
:info_doctype: section
:info_title: aws-lambda-s3


image:https://img.shields.io/badge/cfn--resources-stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge[Stability:Stable]

[width="100%",cols="<50%,<50%",options="header",]
|===
|*Reference Documentation*:
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/
|===

[width="100%",cols="<46%,54%",options="header",]
|===
|*Language* |*Package*
|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png[Python
Logo] Python |`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_lambda_s3`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png[Typescript
Logo] Typescript |`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-s3`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png[Java
Logo] Java |`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.lambdas3`
|===

== Overview

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an AWS Lambda function connected
to an Amazon S3 bucket.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition :

====
[role="tablist"]
Typescript::
+
[source,typescript]
----
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { LambdaToS3 } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-s3';
import * as lambda from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-lambda';

new LambdaToS3(this, 'LambdaToS3Pattern', {
    lambdaFunctionProps: {
        runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_22_X,
        handler: 'index.handler',
        code: lambda.Code.fromAsset(`lambda`)
    }
});
----

Python::
+
[source,python]
----
from aws_solutions_constructs.aws_lambda_s3 import LambdaToS3
from aws_cdk import (
    aws_lambda as _lambda,
    Stack
)
from constructs import Construct

LambdaToS3(self, 'LambdaToS3Pattern',
        lambda_function_props=_lambda.FunctionProps(
            code=_lambda.Code.from_asset('lambda'),
            runtime=_lambda.Runtime.PYTHON_3_11,
            handler='index.handler'
        )
        )
----

Java::
+
[source,java]
----
import software.constructs.Construct;

import software.amazon.awscdk.Stack;
import software.amazon.awscdk.StackProps;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.lambda.*;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.lambda.Runtime;
import software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.lambdas3.*;

new LambdaToS3(this, "LambdaToS3Pattern", new LambdaToS3Props.Builder()
        .lambdaFunctionProps(new FunctionProps.Builder()
                .runtime(Runtime.NODEJS_22_X)
                .code(Code.fromAsset("lambda"))
                .handler("index.handler")
                .build())
        .build());
----
====

== Pattern Construct Props

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|existingLambdaObj?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.Function.html[`lambda.Function`]
|Existing instance of Lambda Function object, providing both this and
`lambdaFunctionProps` will cause an error.

|lambdaFunctionProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.FunctionProps.html[`lambda.FunctionProps`]
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the
Lambda function.

|existingBucketObj?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.IBucket.html[`s3.IBucket`]
|Existing instance of S3 Bucket object. If this is provided, then also
providing bucketProps is an error.

|bucketProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.BucketProps.html[`s3.BucketProps`]
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the S3
Bucket.

|bucketPermissions? |`string[]` |Optional bucket permissions to
grant to the Lambda function. One or more of the following may be
specified: `Delete`, `Put`, `Read`, `ReadWrite`, `Write`.

|existingVpc?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.IVpc.html[`ec2.IVpc`]
|An optional, existing VPC into which this pattern should be deployed.
When deployed in a VPC, the Lambda function will use ENIs in the VPC to
access network resources and an Interface Endpoint will be created in
the VPC for Amazon S3. If an existing VPC is provided, the `deployVpc`
property cannot be `true`. This uses `ec2.IVpc` to allow clients to
supply VPCs that exist outside the stack using the
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.Vpc.html#static-fromwbrlookupscope-id-options[`ec2.Vpc.fromLookup()`]
method.

|vpcProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.VpcProps.html[`ec2.VpcProps`]
|Optional user provided properties to override the default properties
for the new VPC. `enableDnsHostnames`, `enableDnsSupport`, `natGateways`
and `subnetConfiguration` are set by the pattern, so any values for
those properties supplied here will be overridden. If `deployVpc` is not
`true` then this property will be ignored.

|deployVpc? |`boolean` |Whether to create a new VPC based on `vpcProps`
into which to deploy this pattern. Setting this to true will deploy the
minimal, most private VPC to run the pattern:

|bucketEnvironmentVariableName? |`string` |Optional Name for the Lambda
function environment variable set to the name of the bucket. Default:
S3_BUCKET_NAME

|loggingBucketProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.BucketProps.html[`s3.BucketProps`]
|Optional user provided props to override the default props for the S3
Logging Bucket.

|logS3AccessLogs? |boolean |Whether to turn on Access Logging for the S3
bucket. Creates an S3 bucket with associated storage costs for the logs.
Enabling Access Logging is a best practice. default - true
|===

== Pattern Properties

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|lambdaFunction
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_lambda.Function.html[`lambda.Function`]
|Returns an instance of the Lambda function created by the pattern.

|s3Bucket?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.Bucket.html[`s3.Bucket`]
|Returns an instance of the S3 bucket created by the pattern.

|s3LoggingBucket?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.Bucket.html[`s3.Bucket`]
|Returns an instance of s3.Bucket created by the construct as the
logging bucket for the primary bucket.

|vpc?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_ec2.IVpc.html[`ec2.IVpc`]
|Returns an interface on the VPC used by the pattern (if any). This may
be a VPC created by the pattern or the VPC supplied to the pattern
constructor.

|s3BucketInterface
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_s3.IBucket.html[`s3.IBucket`]
|Returns an instance of s3.IBucket created by the construct.
|===

== Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will
set the following defaults:

=== AWS Lambda Function

* Configure limited privilege access IAM role for Lambda function
* Enable reusing connections with Keep-Alive for NodeJs Lambda function
* Enable X-Ray Tracing
* Set Environment Variables
** (default) S3_BUCKET_NAME
** AWS_NODEJS_CONNECTION_REUSE_ENABLED (for Node 10.x
and higher functions)

=== Amazon S3 Bucket

* Configure Access logging for S3 Bucket
* Enable server-side encryption for S3 Bucket using AWS managed KMS Key
* Enforce encryption of data in transit
* Turn on the versioning for S3 Bucket
* Don’t allow public access for S3 Bucket
* Retain the S3 Bucket when deleting the CloudFormation stack
* Applies Lifecycle rule to move noncurrent object versions to Glacier
storage after 90 days

== Architecture


image::images/aws-lambda-s3.png["Diagram showing the Lambda function, S3 bucket and IAM role created by the construct",scaledwidth=100%]

== Example Lambda Function Implementation

While Solutions Constructs does not publish code for the Lambda function to call S3, here are examples of many different S3 operations: https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/tree/main/javascriptv3/example_code/s3/actions['examples']. (these examples are in JavaScript, but examples in other languages can also be found at this site)

== Github

Go to the https://github.com/awslabs/aws-solutions-constructs/tree/main/source/patterns/%40aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-s3[Github repo] for this pattern to view the code, read/create issues and pull requests and more.

'''''
