documentation/aws-sns-sqs.adoc, before:

//!!NODE_ROOT <section>
//== aws-sns-sqs module

[.topic]
= aws-sns-sqs
:info_doctype: section
:info_title: aws-sns-sqs


image:https://img.shields.io/badge/cfn--resources-stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge[Stability:Stable]

[width="100%",cols="<50%,<50%",options="header",]
|===
|*Reference Documentation*:
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/
|===

[width="100%",cols="<46%,54%",options="header",]
|===
|*Language* |*Package*
|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png[Python
Logo] Python |`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_sns_sqs`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png[Typescript
Logo] Typescript |`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-sns-sqs`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png[Java
Logo] Java |`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.snssqs`
|===

== Overview

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an Amazon SNS topic connected to
an Amazon SQS queue.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

====
[role="tablist"]
Typescript::
+
[source,typescript]
----
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { SnsToSqs, SnsToSqsProps } from "@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-sns-sqs";
import * as iam from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-iam';

const snsToSqsStack = new SnsToSqs(this, 'SnsToSqsPattern', {});

// Grant yourself permissions to use the Customer Managed KMS Key
const policyStatement = new iam.PolicyStatement({
    actions: ["kms:Encrypt", "kms:Decrypt"],
    effect: iam.Effect.ALLOW,
    principals: [ new iam.AccountRootPrincipal() ],
    resources: [ "*" ]
});

snsToSqsStack.queueEncryptionKey?.addToResourcePolicy(policyStatement);
snsToSqsStack.topicEncryptionKey?.addToResourcePolicy(policyStatement);
----

Python::
+
[source,python]
----
from aws_solutions_constructs.aws_sns_sqs import SnsToSqs
from aws_cdk import (
    aws_iam as iam,
    Stack
)
from constructs import Construct

construct_stack = SnsToSqs(self, 'SnsToSqsPattern')

policy_statement = iam.PolicyStatement(
    actions=["kms:Encrypt", "kms:Decrypt"],
    effect=iam.Effect.ALLOW,
    principals=[iam.AccountRootPrincipal()],
    resources=["*"]
)

construct_stack.queue_encryption_key.add_to_resource_policy(policy_statement)
construct_stack.topic_encryption_key.add_to_resource_policy(policy_statement)
----

Java::
+
[source,java]
----
import software.constructs.Construct;
import java.util.List;

import software.amazon.awscdk.Stack;
import software.amazon.awscdk.StackProps;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.iam.*;
import software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.snssqs.*;

final SnsToSqs constructStack = new SnsToSqs(this, "SnsToSqsPattern",
        new SnsToSqsProps.Builder()
                .build());

// Grant yourself permissions to use the Customer Managed KMS Key
final PolicyStatement policyStatement = PolicyStatement.Builder.create()
        .actions(List.of("kms:Encrypt", "kms:Decrypt"))
        .effect(Effect.ALLOW)
        .principals(List.of(new AccountRootPrincipal()))
        .resources(List.of("*"))
        .build();

constructStack.getQueueEncryptionKey().addToResourcePolicy(policyStatement);
constructStack.getTopicEncryptionKey().addToResourcePolicy(policyStatement);
----
====

== New Interface as of v2.58.0

As of Solutions Constructs v2.58.0, we have updated the interface of
SnsToSqs. The original implementation shared a KMS customer managed key
between the topic and queue. There was a single set of construct props
to define this key and a single property to access the single key. The
new interface does not share a key, but uses a separate key for each
resource and allows clients to control and access these keys
independently.

In CDK v2.32.0, the CDK introduced an improvement in SNS Subscriptions
that narrowed the permissions to access the SQS encryption key to the
specific SNS topic (it was formerly the entire SNS service). This
feature created a circular reference in SnsToSqs constructs due to the
shared KMS keys, but since the improvement was gated behind the feature
flag `@aws-cdk/aws-sns-subscriptions:restrictSqsDescryption`, it had no
impact on existing applications. Newly generated CDK apps had the
feature flag turned on by default, so would have to adjust settings to
avoid the circular reference (the minimal deployment code would not
work).

In addition, attempting to share the key between resources led to odd
implementation choices in the construct - the implementation was highly
biased towards the topic. For instance, if an existingTopic was provided
but a CMK was still created to encrypt the queue that CMK was not
available in the `encryptionKey` property.

Code using the original, single key props should continue to work -
while that portion of the construct interface is deprecated it is not
going away any time soon. Any code using any of those props, or with the
new feature flag not enabled, will continue to use the old
implementation. We wrote many unit tests confirming the old
implementation will continue to work the same, warts and all. We do
recommend that you migrate to use the new key features to take advantage
of the finer grained IAM policy for the key and more control over key
behavior within the construct.

Any code that references one of the new key properties (or that enables
the new feature flag) will use the new functionality.

== Pattern Construct Props

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|existingTopicObj?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sns.Topic.html[`sns.Topic`]
|An optional, existing SNS topic to be used instead of the default
topic. Providing both this and `topicProps` will cause an error.

|topicProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sns.TopicProps.html[`sns.TopicProps`]
|Optional user provided properties to override the default properties
for the SNS topic.

|encryptTopicWithCmk |`boolean` |Whether to encrypt the Topic with a
customer managed KMS key (CMK). This is the default behavior, and this
property defaults to true - if it is explicitly set to false then the
Topic is encrypted using SQS_MANAGED encryption. NOTE - other constructs
with SQS queues default to AWS managed KMS key encryption, but an SNS
subscription does not work with that configuration. For a completely
unencrypted Topic (not recommended), create the Topic separately from
the construct and pass it in using the existingTopicObject.

|topicEncryptionKeyProps
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kms.Key.html#construct-props[`kms.KeyProps`]
|An optional subset of key properties to override the default properties
used by constructs (`enableKeyRotation: true`). These properties will be
used in constructing the CMK used to encrypt the SNS topic.

|existingTopicEncryptionKey
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kms.Key.html[`kms.Key`]
|An optional CMK that will be used by the construct to encrypt the new
SNS Topic.

|existingQueueObj?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sqs.Queue.html[`sqs.Queue`]
|An optional, existing SQS queue to be used instead of the default
queue. Providing both this and `queueProps` will cause an error.

|queueProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sqs.QueueProps.html[`sqs.QueueProps`]
|Optional user provided properties to override the default properties
for the SQS queue.

|encryptQueueWithCmk |`boolean` |Whether to encrypt the Queue with a
customer managed KMS key (CMK). This is the default behavior, and this
property defaults to true - if it is explicitly set to false then the
Queue is encrypted with an Amazon managed KMS key. For a completely
unencrypted Queue (not recommended), create the Queue separately from
the construct and pass it in using the existingQueueObject. Since SNS
subscriptions do not currently support SQS queues with AWS managed
encryption keys, setting this to false will always result in an error
from the underlying CDK - we have still included this property for
consistency with topics and to be ready if the services one day support
this functionality.

|queueEncryptionKeyProps
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kms.Key.html#construct-props[`kms.KeyProps`]
|An optional subset of key properties to override the default properties
used by constructs (`enableKeyRotation: true`). These properties will be
used in constructing the CMK used to encrypt the SQS queue.

|existingQueueEncryptionKey
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kms.Key.html[`kms.Key`]
|An optional CMK that will be used by the construct to encrypt the new
SQS queue.

|deployDeadLetterQueue? |`boolean` |Whether to create a secondary queue
to be used as a dead letter queue. Defaults to true.

|deadLetterQueueProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sqs.QueueProps.html[`sqs.QueueProps`]
|Optional user-provided props to override the default props for the dead
letter SQS queue.

|maxReceiveCount? |`number` |The number of times a message can be
unsuccessfully dequeued before being moved to the dead letter queue.
Defaults to 15.

|sqsSubscriptionProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sns_subscriptions.SqsSubscriptionProps.html[`subscriptions.SqsSubscriptionProps`]
|Optional user-provided props to override the default props for
sqsSubscriptionProps.
|===

== Pattern Properties

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|snsTopic
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sns.Topic.html[`sns.Topic`]
|Returns an instance of the SNS topic created by the pattern.

|topicEncryptionKey?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kms.Key.html[`kms.Key`]
|Returns the KMS key used to encrypt the topic within the construct.
Note - this is only set if the construct assigns the key, if the key is
passed in topicProps it will not appear here.

|sqsQueue
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sqs.Queue.html[`sqs.Queue`]
|Returns an instance of the SQS queue created by the pattern.

|queueEncryptionKey?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kms.Key.html[`kms.Key`]
|Returns the KMS key used to encrypt the queue within the construct.
Note - this is only set if the construct assigns the key, if the key is
passed in topicProps it will not appear here.

|deadLetterQueue?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sqs.Queue.html[`sqs.Queue`]
|Returns an instance of the dead-letter SQS queue created by the
pattern.
|===

== Deprecated Pattern Construct Props

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|enableEncryptionWithCustomerManagedKey? |`boolean` |If no key is
provided, this flag determines whether the queue is encrypted with a new
CMK or an AWS managed key. This flag is ignored if any of the following
are defined: topicProps.masterKey, queueProps.encryptionMasterKey,
encryptionKey or encryptionKeyProps. We recommend you migrate your code
to use encryptQueueWithCmk and encryptTopicWithCmk in place of this prop
value.

|encryptionKey?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kms.Key.html[`kms.Key`]
|An optional, imported encryption key to encrypt the SQS Queue and SNS
Topic with. We recommend you migrate your code to use queueEncryptionKey
and topicEncryptionKey in place of this prop value.

|encryptionKeyProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kms.Key.html#construct-props[`kms.KeyProps`]
|Optional user provided properties to override the default properties
for the KMS encryption key used to encrypt the SQS topic and queue with.
We recommend you migrate your code to use queueEncryptionKeyProps and
topicEncryptionKeyProps in place of this prop value.
|===

== Deprecated Pattern Properties

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|encryptionKey
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kms.Key.html[`kms.Key`]
|Returns an instance of kms.Key used for the SQS queue, and SNS Topic.
|===

== Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will
set the following defaults:

=== Amazon SNS Topic

* Configure least privilege access permissions for SNS Topic
* Enable server-side encryption for SNS Topic using Customer managed KMS
Key
* Enforce encryption of data in transit

=== Amazon SQS Queue

* Configure least privilege access permissions for SQS Queue
* Deploy SQS dead-letter queue for the source SQS Queue
* Enable server-side encryption for SQS Queue using Customer managed KMS
Key
* Enforce encryption of data in transit

== Architecture


image::images/aws-sns-sqs.png["Diagram showing the SNS topic, and SQS queue and dlg created by the construct",scaledwidth=100%]

== Github

Go to the https://github.com/awslabs/aws-solutions-constructs/tree/main/source/patterns/%40aws-solutions-constructs/aws-sns-sqs[Github repo] for this pattern to view the code, read/create issues and pull requests and more.

'''''

Commit message:

feat(aws-lamda-textract): new construct (#1449)
* Store with 0.0.0 version

* Successful build/test prior to renaming topic props and making output bucket optional

* Everything works before adding temp Lambda functions for testing

* Initial Implementation

* Remove stray file

* Update topic creation to satisfy cfnGuard

* Clean up internal stuff

* New architecture diagrams

* clean

* Remove feature specific guides

* Undo changes made to lambda-translate env variables

* One more undone change

* Update permissions granted the Lambda function in the documentation

* Clarify

* Only set values when there's a bucket. Last working checkin before removing additionalPermissions

* Remove AddtionalPermissions (with '*' as the resource, it's better that client just add them to the function after it is created)

* Final cleanup

* Update language image locations

* Add language icons

* Point to our own language icons

* Publish Docs

* Update additionalPermissions prop to warn about '*' resource

* Update docs based upon PR comments

* Publish Docs

* Fixed 'causes an error' stragglers

* Published docs

* Drop trailing space

documentation/aws-sns-sqs.adoc, after:

//!!NODE_ROOT <section>
//== aws-sns-sqs module

[.topic]
= aws-sns-sqs
:info_doctype: section
:info_title: aws-sns-sqs


image:https://img.shields.io/badge/cfn--resources-stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge[Stability:Stable]

[width="100%",cols="<50%,<50%",options="header",]
|===
|*Reference Documentation*:
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/
|===

[width="100%",cols="<46%,54%",options="header",]
|===
|*Language* |*Package*
|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/images/solutions/latest/constructs/images/python32.png[Python
Logo] Python |`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_sns_sqs`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/images/solutions/latest/constructs/images/typescript32.png[Typescript
Logo] Typescript |`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-sns-sqs`

|image:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/images/solutions/latest/constructs/images/java32.png[Java
Logo] Java |`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.snssqs`
|===

== Overview

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an Amazon SNS topic connected to
an Amazon SQS queue.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

====
[role="tablist"]
Typescript::
+
[source,typescript]
----
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { SnsToSqs, SnsToSqsProps } from "@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-sns-sqs";
import * as iam from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-iam';

const snsToSqsStack = new SnsToSqs(this, 'SnsToSqsPattern', {});

// Grant yourself permissions to use the Customer Managed KMS Key
const policyStatement = new iam.PolicyStatement({
    actions: ["kms:Encrypt", "kms:Decrypt"],
    effect: iam.Effect.ALLOW,
    principals: [ new iam.AccountRootPrincipal() ],
    resources: [ "*" ]
});

snsToSqsStack.queueEncryptionKey?.addToResourcePolicy(policyStatement);
snsToSqsStack.topicEncryptionKey?.addToResourcePolicy(policyStatement);
----

Python::
+
[source,python]
----
from aws_solutions_constructs.aws_sns_sqs import SnsToSqs
from aws_cdk import (
    aws_iam as iam,
    Stack
)
from constructs import Construct

construct_stack = SnsToSqs(self, 'SnsToSqsPattern')

policy_statement = iam.PolicyStatement(
    actions=["kms:Encrypt", "kms:Decrypt"],
    effect=iam.Effect.ALLOW,
    principals=[iam.AccountRootPrincipal()],
    resources=["*"]
)

construct_stack.queue_encryption_key.add_to_resource_policy(policy_statement)
construct_stack.topic_encryption_key.add_to_resource_policy(policy_statement)
----

Java::
+
[source,java]
----
import software.constructs.Construct;
import java.util.List;

import software.amazon.awscdk.Stack;
import software.amazon.awscdk.StackProps;
import software.amazon.awscdk.services.iam.*;
import software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.snssqs.*;

final SnsToSqs constructStack = new SnsToSqs(this, "SnsToSqsPattern",
        new SnsToSqsProps.Builder()
                .build());

// Grant yourself permissions to use the Customer Managed KMS Key
final PolicyStatement policyStatement = PolicyStatement.Builder.create()
        .actions(List.of("kms:Encrypt", "kms:Decrypt"))
        .effect(Effect.ALLOW)
        .principals(List.of(new AccountRootPrincipal()))
        .resources(List.of("*"))
        .build();

constructStack.getQueueEncryptionKey().addToResourcePolicy(policyStatement);
constructStack.getTopicEncryptionKey().addToResourcePolicy(policyStatement);
----
====

== New Interface as of v2.58.0

As of Solutions Constructs v2.58.0, we have updated the interface of
SnsToSqs. The original implementation shared a KMS customer managed key
between the topic and queue. There was a single set of construct props
to define this key and a single property to access the single key. The
new interface does not share a key, but uses a separate key for each
resource and allows clients to control and access these keys
independently.

In CDK v2.32.0, the CDK introduced an improvement in SNS Subscriptions
that narrowed the permissions to access the SQS encryption key to the
specific SNS topic (it was formerly the entire SNS service). This
feature created a circular reference in SnsToSqs constructs due to the
shared KMS keys, but since the improvement was gated behind the feature
flag `@aws-cdk/aws-sns-subscriptions:restrictSqsDescryption`, it had no
impact on existing applications. Newly generated CDK apps had the
feature flag turned on by default, so would have to adjust settings to
avoid the circular reference (the minimal deployment code would not
work).

In addition, attempting to share the key between resources led to odd
implementation choices in the construct - the implementation was highly
biased towards the topic. For instance, if an existingTopic was provided
but a CMK was still created to encrypt the queue that CMK was not
available in the `encryptionKey` property.

Code using the original, single key props should continue to work -
while that portion of the construct interface is deprecated it is not
going away any time soon. Any code using any of those props, or with the
new feature flag not enabled, will continue to use the old
implementation. We wrote many unit tests confirming the old
implementation will continue to work the same, warts and all. We do
recommend that you migrate to use the new key features to take advantage
of the finer grained IAM policy for the key and more control over key
behavior within the construct.

Any code that references one of the new key properties (or that enables
the new feature flag) will use the new functionality.

== Pattern Construct Props

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|existingTopicObj?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sns.Topic.html[`sns.Topic`]
|Optional - existing instance of SNS topic object, providing both this and `topicProps` will cause an error.

|topicProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sns.TopicProps.html[`sns.TopicProps`]
|Optional - user provided properties to override the default properties for the SNS topic. Providing both this and `existingTopicObj` causes an error.

|encryptTopicWithCmk |`boolean` |Whether to encrypt the Topic with a
customer managed KMS key (CMK). This is the default behavior, and this
property defaults to true - if it is explicitly set to false then the
Topic is encrypted using SQS_MANAGED encryption. NOTE - other constructs
with SQS queues default to AWS managed KMS key encryption, but an SNS
subscription does not work with that configuration. For a completely
unencrypted Topic (not recommended), create the Topic separately from
the construct and pass it in using the existingTopicObject.

|topicEncryptionKeyProps
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kms.Key.html#construct-props[`kms.KeyProps`]
|An optional subset of key properties to override the default properties
used by constructs (`enableKeyRotation: true`). These properties will be
used in constructing the CMK used to encrypt the SNS topic.

|existingTopicEncryptionKey
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kms.Key.html[`kms.Key`]
|An optional CMK that will be used by the construct to encrypt the new
SNS Topic.

|existingQueueObj?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sqs.Queue.html[`sqs.Queue`]
|An optional, existing SQS queue to be used instead of the default
queue. Providing both this and `queueProps` will cause an error.

|queueProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sqs.QueueProps.html[`sqs.QueueProps`]
|Optional - user provided properties to override the default properties for the SQS queue. Providing both this and `existingQueueObj` will cause an error.

|encryptQueueWithCmk |`boolean` |Whether to encrypt the Queue with a
customer managed KMS key (CMK). This is the default behavior, and this
property defaults to true - if it is explicitly set to false then the
Queue is encrypted with an Amazon managed KMS key. For a completely
unencrypted Queue (not recommended), create the Queue separately from
the construct and pass it in using the existingQueueObject. Since SNS
subscriptions do not currently support SQS queues with AWS managed
encryption keys, setting this to false will always result in an error
from the underlying CDK - we have still included this property for
consistency with topics and to be ready if the services one day support
this functionality.

|queueEncryptionKeyProps
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kms.Key.html#construct-props[`kms.KeyProps`]
|An optional subset of key properties to override the default properties
used by constructs (`enableKeyRotation: true`). These properties will be
used in constructing the CMK used to encrypt the SQS queue.

|existingQueueEncryptionKey
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kms.Key.html[`kms.Key`]
|An optional CMK that will be used by the construct to encrypt the new
SQS queue.

|deployDeadLetterQueue? |`boolean` |Whether to create a secondary queue
to be used as a dead letter queue. Defaults to true.

|deadLetterQueueProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sqs.QueueProps.html[`sqs.QueueProps`]
|Optional user-provided props to override the default props for the dead
letter SQS queue.

|maxReceiveCount? |`number` |The number of times a message can be
unsuccessfully dequeued before being moved to the dead letter queue.
Defaults to 15.

|sqsSubscriptionProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sns_subscriptions.SqsSubscriptionProps.html[`subscriptions.SqsSubscriptionProps`]
|Optional user-provided props to override the default props for
sqsSubscriptionProps.
|===

== Pattern Properties

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|snsTopic
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sns.Topic.html[`sns.Topic`]
|Returns an instance of the SNS topic created by the pattern.

|topicEncryptionKey?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kms.Key.html[`kms.Key`]
|Returns the KMS key used to encrypt the topic within the construct.
Note - this is only set if the construct assigns the key, if the key is
passed in topicProps it will not appear here.

|sqsQueue
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sqs.Queue.html[`sqs.Queue`]
|Returns an instance of the SQS queue created by the pattern.

|queueEncryptionKey?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kms.Key.html[`kms.Key`]
|Returns the KMS key used to encrypt the queue within the construct.
Note - this is only set if the construct assigns the key, if the key is
passed in topicProps it will not appear here.

|deadLetterQueue?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_sqs.Queue.html[`sqs.Queue`]
|Returns an instance of the dead-letter SQS queue created by the
pattern.
|===

== Deprecated Pattern Construct Props

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|enableEncryptionWithCustomerManagedKey? |`boolean` |If no key is
provided, this flag determines whether the queue is encrypted with a new
CMK or an AWS managed key. This flag is ignored if any of the following
are defined: topicProps.masterKey, queueProps.encryptionMasterKey,
encryptionKey or encryptionKeyProps. We recommend you migrate your code
to use encryptQueueWithCmk and encryptTopicWithCmk in place of this prop
value.

|encryptionKey?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kms.Key.html[`kms.Key`]
|An optional, imported encryption key to encrypt the SQS Queue and SNS
Topic with. We recommend you migrate your code to use queueEncryptionKey
and topicEncryptionKey in place of this prop value.

|encryptionKeyProps?
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kms.Key.html#construct-props[`kms.KeyProps`]
|Optional user provided properties to override the default properties
for the KMS encryption key used to encrypt the SQS topic and queue with.
We recommend you migrate your code to use queueEncryptionKeyProps and
topicEncryptionKeyProps in place of this prop value.
|===

== Deprecated Pattern Properties

[width="100%",cols="<30%,<35%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Type* |*Description*
|encryptionKey
|https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_kms.Key.html[`kms.Key`]
|Returns an instance of kms.Key used for the SQS queue, and SNS Topic.
|===

== Default settings

Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will
set the following defaults:

=== Amazon SNS Topic

* Configure least privilege access permissions for SNS Topic
* Enable server-side encryption for SNS Topic using Customer managed KMS
Key
* Enforce encryption of data in transit

=== Amazon SQS Queue

* Configure least privilege access permissions for SQS Queue
* Deploy SQS dead-letter queue for the source SQS Queue
* Enable server-side encryption for SQS Queue using Customer managed KMS
Key
* Enforce encryption of data in transit

== Architecture


image::images/aws-sns-sqs.png["Diagram showing the SNS topic, and SQS queue and dlg created by the construct",scaledwidth=100%]

== Github

Go to the https://github.com/awslabs/aws-solutions-constructs/tree/main/source/patterns/%40aws-solutions-constructs/aws-sns-sqs[Github repo] for this pattern to view the code, read/create issues and pull requests and more.

'''''
