source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-apigateway-sagemakerendpoint/README.md, before:

# aws-apigateway-sagemakerendpoint module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![Stability: Experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Experimental-important.svg?style=for-the-badge)

> All classes are under active development and subject to non-backward compatible changes or removal in any
> future version. These are not subject to the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) model.
> This means that while you may use them, you may need to update your source code when upgrading to a newer version of this package.

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_apigateway_sagemakerendpoint`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-apigateway-sagemakerendpoint`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.apigatewaysagemakerendpoint`|

## Overview

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an Amazon API Gateway connected to an Amazon SageMaker endpoint pattern.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

Typescript
``` typescript
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { ApiGatewayToSageMakerEndpoint, ApiGatewayToSageMakerEndpointProps } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-apigateway-sagemakerendpoint';

// Below is an example VTL (Velocity Template Language) mapping template for mapping the Api GET request to the Sagemaker POST request
const requestTemplate = `
{
    "instances": [
        # set( $user_id = $input.params("user_id") )
        # set( $items = $input.params("items") )
        # foreach( $item in $items.split(",") )
        # if( $foreach.hasNext ),#end
        {"in0": [$user_id], "in1": [$item]}
            $esc.newline
        # end
    ]
}`

// Replace 'my-endpoint' with your Sagemaker Inference Endpoint
new ApiGatewayToSageMakerEndpoint(this, 'test-apigw-sagemakerendpoint', {
  endpointName: 'my-endpoint',
  resourcePath: '{user_id}',
  requestMappingTemplate: requestTemplate
});
```

Python
``` python
from aws_solutions_constructs.aws_apigateway_sagemakerendpoint import ApiGatewayToSageMakerEndpoint
from aws_cdk import Stack
from constructs import Construct

# Below is an example VTL (Velocity Template Language) mapping template for mapping the Api GET request to the Sagemaker POST request
request_template = """
{
    "instances": [
        # set( $user_id = $input.params("user_id") )
        # set( $items = $input.params("items") )
        # foreach( $item in $items.split(",") )
        # if( $foreach.hasNext ),#end
        {"in0": [$user_id], "in1": [$item]}
            $esc.newline
        # end
    ]
}"""

# Replace 'my-endpoint' with your Sagemaker Inference Endpoint
ApiGatewayToSageMakerEndpoint(self, 'test-apigw-sagemakerendpoint',
                                endpoint_name='my-endpoint',
                                resource_path='{user_id}',
                                request_mapping_template=request_template
                                )
```

Java
``` java
import software.constructs.Construct;

import software.amazon.awscdk.Stack;
import software.amazon.awscdk.StackProps;
import software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.apigatewaysagemakerendpoint.*;

// Create an example VTL (Velocity Template Language) mapping template for mapping the Api GET request to the Sagemaker POST request
final String requestTemplate = "{"
        + "\"instances\": ["
        + "# set( $user_id = $input.params(\"user_id\") )"
        + "# set( $items = $input.params(\"items\") )"
        + "# foreach( $item in $items.split(\",\") )"
        + "# if( $foreach.hasNext ),#end"
        + "{\"in0\": [$user_id], \"in1\": [$item]}"
        + "    $esc.newline"
        + "# end"
        + "]"
        + "}";

// Replace ""my-endpoint"" with your Sagemaker Inference Endpoint
new ApiGatewayToSageMakerEndpoint(this, "ApiGatewayToSageMakerEndpointPattern",
        new ApiGatewayToSageMakerEndpointProps.Builder()
                .endpointName("my-endpoint")
                .resourcePath("{user_id}")
                .requestMappingTemplate(requestTemplate)
                .build());
```

## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|apiGatewayProps?|[`api.RestApiProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_apigateway.RestApiProps.html)|Optional user-provided props to override the default props for the API Gateway.|
|apiGatewayExecutionRole?|[`iam.Role`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_iam.Role.html)|IAM Role used by API Gateway to invoke the SageMaker endpoint. If not specified, a default role is created with access to `endpointName`.|
|endpointName|`string`|Name of the deployed SageMaker inference endpoint.|
|resourceName?|`string`|Optional resource name where the GET method will be available.|
|resourcePath|`string`|Resource path for the GET method. The variable defined here can be referenced in `requestMappingTemplate`.|
|requestMappingTemplate|`string`|Mapping template to convert GET requests received on the REST API to POST requests expected by the SageMaker endpoint.|
|responseMappingTemplate?|`string`|Optional mapping template to convert responses received from the SageMaker endpoint.|
|logGroupProps?|[`logs.LogGroupProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_logs.LogGroupProps.html)|User provided props to override the default props for for the CloudWatchLogs LogGroup.|

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|apiGateway|[`api.RestApi`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_apigateway.RestApi.html)|Returns an instance of the API Gateway REST API created by the pattern.|
|apiGatewayRole|[`iam.Role`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_iam.Role.html)|Returns an instance of the iam.Role created by the construct for API Gateway.|
|apiGatewayCloudWatchRole?|[`iam.Role`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_iam.Role.html)|Returns an instance of the iam.Role created by the construct for API Gateway for CloudWatch access.|
|apiGatewayLogGroup|[`logs.LogGroup`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_logs.LogGroup.html)|Returns an instance of the LogGroup created by the construct for API Gateway access logging to CloudWatch.|

## Sample API Usage

> **Note**: Each SageMaker endpoint is unique, and the response from the API will depend on the deployed model. The example given below assumes the sample from [this blog post](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/machine-learning/creating-a-machine-learning-powered-rest-api-with-amazon-api-gateway-mapping-templates-and-amazon-sagemaker/). For a reference on how that'd be implemented, please refer to [integ.apigateway-sagemakerendpoint-overwrite.ts](test/integ.apigateway-sagemakerendpoint-overwrite.ts).

| **Method** | **Request Path** | **Query String** | **SageMaker Action** | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|-----------------|-----------------|
|GET|`/321`| `items=101,131,162` |`sagemaker:InvokeEndpoint`|Retrieves the predictions for a specific user and items.|

## Default settings
Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

### Amazon API Gateway
* Deploy an edge-optimized API endpoint
* Enable CloudWatch logging for API Gateway
* Configure least privilege access IAM role for API Gateway
* Set the default authorizationType for all API methods to IAM
* Enable X-Ray Tracing
* Validate request parameters before passing data to SageMaker

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

feat(aws-apigateway-*): add optional request templates for non-default content-types. (#888)
* Add optional request templates for non-default content-types.

* Add optional request templates properties to apigateway constructs.

* Update READMEs to include new optional request template properties.

* remove a blank line.

* Add unit test for new additionalRequestTemplate property on apigateway-helper

* Add optional integration response properties to the apigateway-based constructs.

* Fix failing unit test in apigateway-helper.

* Address PR feedback.

* Update docs and add new test to apigateway helper to validate request template content types.

source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-apigateway-sagemakerendpoint/README.md, after:

# aws-apigateway-sagemakerendpoint module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![Stability: Experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Experimental-important.svg?style=for-the-badge)

> All classes are under active development and subject to non-backward compatible changes or removal in any
> future version. These are not subject to the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) model.
> This means that while you may use them, you may need to update your source code when upgrading to a newer version of this package.

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_apigateway_sagemakerendpoint`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-apigateway-sagemakerendpoint`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.apigatewaysagemakerendpoint`|

## Overview

This AWS Solutions Construct implements an Amazon API Gateway connected to an Amazon SageMaker endpoint pattern.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition:

Typescript
``` typescript
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { ApiGatewayToSageMakerEndpoint, ApiGatewayToSageMakerEndpointProps } from '@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-apigateway-sagemakerendpoint';

// Below is an example VTL (Velocity Template Language) mapping template for mapping the Api GET request to the Sagemaker POST request
const requestTemplate = `
{
    "instances": [
        # set( $user_id = $input.params("user_id") )
        # set( $items = $input.params("items") )
        # foreach( $item in $items.split(",") )
        # if( $foreach.hasNext ),#end
        {"in0": [$user_id], "in1": [$item]}
            $esc.newline
        # end
    ]
}`

// Replace 'my-endpoint' with your Sagemaker Inference Endpoint
new ApiGatewayToSageMakerEndpoint(this, 'test-apigw-sagemakerendpoint', {
  endpointName: 'my-endpoint',
  resourcePath: '{user_id}',
  requestMappingTemplate: requestTemplate
});
```

Python
``` python
from aws_solutions_constructs.aws_apigateway_sagemakerendpoint import ApiGatewayToSageMakerEndpoint
from aws_cdk import Stack
from constructs import Construct

# Below is an example VTL (Velocity Template Language) mapping template for mapping the Api GET request to the Sagemaker POST request
request_template = """
{
    "instances": [
        # set( $user_id = $input.params("user_id") )
        # set( $items = $input.params("items") )
        # foreach( $item in $items.split(",") )
        # if( $foreach.hasNext ),#end
        {"in0": [$user_id], "in1": [$item]}
            $esc.newline
        # end
    ]
}"""

# Replace 'my-endpoint' with your Sagemaker Inference Endpoint
ApiGatewayToSageMakerEndpoint(self, 'test-apigw-sagemakerendpoint',
                                endpoint_name='my-endpoint',
                                resource_path='{user_id}',
                                request_mapping_template=request_template
                                )
```

Java
``` java
import software.constructs.Construct;

import software.amazon.awscdk.Stack;
import software.amazon.awscdk.StackProps;
import software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.apigatewaysagemakerendpoint.*;

// Create an example VTL (Velocity Template Language) mapping template for mapping the Api GET request to the Sagemaker POST request
final String requestTemplate = "{"
        + "\"instances\": ["
        + "# set( $user_id = $input.params(\"user_id\") )"
        + "# set( $items = $input.params(\"items\") )"
        + "# foreach( $item in $items.split(\",\") )"
        + "# if( $foreach.hasNext ),#end"
        + "{\"in0\": [$user_id], \"in1\": [$item]}"
        + "    $esc.newline"
        + "# end"
        + "]"
        + "}";

// Replace ""my-endpoint"" with your Sagemaker Inference Endpoint
new ApiGatewayToSageMakerEndpoint(this, "ApiGatewayToSageMakerEndpointPattern",
        new ApiGatewayToSageMakerEndpointProps.Builder()
                .endpointName("my-endpoint")
                .resourcePath("{user_id}")
                .requestMappingTemplate(requestTemplate)
                .build());
```

## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|apiGatewayProps?|[`api.RestApiProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_apigateway.RestApiProps.html)|Optional user-provided props to override the default props for the API Gateway.|
|apiGatewayExecutionRole?|[`iam.Role`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_iam.Role.html)|IAM Role used by API Gateway to invoke the SageMaker endpoint. If not specified, a default role is created with access to `endpointName`.|
|endpointName|`string`|Name of the deployed SageMaker inference endpoint.|
|resourceName?|`string`|Optional resource name where the GET method will be available.|
|resourcePath|`string`|Resource path for the GET method. The variable defined here can be referenced in `requestMappingTemplate`.|
|requestMappingTemplate|`string`|Mapping template to convert GET requests for the default `application/json` content-type received on the REST API to POST requests expected by the SageMaker endpoint.|
|additionalRequestTemplates|`{ [contentType: string]: string; }`|Optional Request Templates for content-types other than `application/json`. Use the `requestMappingTemplate` property to set the request template for the `application/json` content-type.|
|responseMappingTemplate?|`string`|Optional mapping template to convert responses received from the SageMaker endpoint.|
|logGroupProps?|[`logs.LogGroupProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_logs.LogGroupProps.html)|User provided props to override the default props for for the CloudWatchLogs LogGroup.|

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|apiGateway|[`api.RestApi`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_apigateway.RestApi.html)|Returns an instance of the API Gateway REST API created by the pattern.|
|apiGatewayRole|[`iam.Role`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_iam.Role.html)|Returns an instance of the iam.Role created by the construct for API Gateway.|
|apiGatewayCloudWatchRole?|[`iam.Role`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_iam.Role.html)|Returns an instance of the iam.Role created by the construct for API Gateway for CloudWatch access.|
|apiGatewayLogGroup|[`logs.LogGroup`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.aws_logs.LogGroup.html)|Returns an instance of the LogGroup created by the construct for API Gateway access logging to CloudWatch.|

## Sample API Usage

> **Note**: Each SageMaker endpoint is unique, and the response from the API will depend on the deployed model. The example given below assumes the sample from [this blog post](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/machine-learning/creating-a-machine-learning-powered-rest-api-with-amazon-api-gateway-mapping-templates-and-amazon-sagemaker/). For a reference on how that'd be implemented, please refer to [integ.apigateway-sagemakerendpoint-overwrite.ts](test/integ.apigateway-sagemakerendpoint-overwrite.ts).

| **Method** | **Request Path** | **Query String** | **SageMaker Action** | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|-----------------|-----------------|
|GET|`/321`| `items=101,131,162` |`sagemaker:InvokeEndpoint`|Retrieves the predictions for a specific user and items.|

## Default settings
Out of the box implementation of the Construct without any override will set the following defaults:

### Amazon API Gateway
* Deploy an edge-optimized API endpoint
* Enable CloudWatch logging for API Gateway
* Configure least privilege access IAM role for API Gateway
* Set the default authorizationType for all API methods to IAM
* Enable X-Ray Tracing
* Validate request parameters before passing data to SageMaker

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
