source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-sqs-lambda/README.md, before:

# aws-lambda-sqs-lambda module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![Stability: Experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Experimental-important.svg?style=for-the-badge)

> All classes are under active development and subject to non-backward compatible changes or removal in any
> future version. These are not subject to the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) model.
> This means that while you may use them, you may need to update your source code when upgrading to a newer version of this package.

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_lambda_sqs_lambda`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-sqs-lambda`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.lambdasqslambda`|

This AWS Solutions Construct implements (1) an AWS Lambda function that is configured to send messages to a queue; (2) an Amazon SQS queue; and (3) an AWS Lambda function configured to consume messages from the queue.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition in Typescript:

``` typescript
import { LambdaToSqsToLambda, LambdaToSqsToLambdaProps } from "@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-sqs-lambda";

new LambdaToSqsToLambda(this, 'LambdaToSqsToLambdaPattern', {
    producerLambdaFunctionProps: {
        runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_12_X,
        handler: 'index.handler',
        code: lambda.Code.fromAsset(`${__dirname}/lambda/producer-function`)
    },
    consumerLambdaFunctionProps: {
      runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_12_X,
      handler: 'index.handler',
      code: lambda.Code.fromAsset(`${__dirname}/lambda/consumer-function`)
    }
});

```

## Initializer

``` text
new LambdaToSqsToLambda(scope: Construct, id: string, props: LambdaToSqsToLambdaProps);
```

_Parameters_

* scope [`Construct`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_core.Construct.html)
* id `string`
* props [`LambdaToSqsToLambdaProps`](#pattern-construct-props)

## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|existingProducerLambdaObj?|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|An optional, existing Lambda function to be used instead of the default function for sending messages to the queue. If an existing function is provided, the `producerLambdaFunctionProps` property will be ignored. |
|producerLambdaFunctionProps?|[`lambda.FunctionProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.FunctionProps.html)|Optional user-provided properties to override the default properties for the producer Lambda function. Ignored if an `existingProducerLambdaObj` is provided. |
|existingQueueObj?|[`sqs.Queue`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-sqs.Queue.html)|An optional, existing SQS queue to be used instead of the default queue. If an existing queue is provided, the `queueProps` property will be ignored.|
|queueProps?|[`sqs.QueueProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-sqs.QueueProps.html)|Optional user-provided properties to override the default properties for the SQS queue. Ignored if an `existingQueueObj` is provided. |
|deployDeadLetterQueue?|`boolean`|Whether to create a secondary queue to be used as a dead letter queue. Defaults to `true`.|
|deadLetterQueueProps?|[`sqs.QueueProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-sqs.QueueProps.html)|Optional user-provided props to override the default props for the dead letter queue. Only used if the `deployDeadLetterQueue` property is set to `true`.|
|maxReceiveCount?|`number`|The number of times a message can be unsuccessfully dequeued before being moved to the dead letter queue. Defaults to `15`.|
|existingConsumerLambdaObj?|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|An optional, existing Lambda function to be used instead of the default function for receiving/consuming messages from the queue. If an existing function is provided, the `consumerLambdaFunctionProps` property will be ignored. |
|consumerLambdaFunctionProps?|[`lambda.FunctionProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.FunctionProps.html)|Optional user-provided properties to override the default properties for the consumer Lambda function. Ignored if an `existingConsumerLambdaObj` is provided. |

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|producerLambdaFunction|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|Returns an instance of the producer Lambda function created by the pattern.|
|sqsQueue|[`sqs.Queue`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-sqs.Queue.html)|Returns an instance of the SQS queue created by the pattern. |
|deadLetterQueue?|[`sqs.Queue | undefined`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-sqs.Queue.html)|Returns an instance of the dead letter queue created by the pattern, if one is deployed.|
|consumerLambdaFunction|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|Returns an instance of the consumer Lambda function created by the pattern.|

## Default Settings

Out-of-the-box implementation of this Construct (without any overridden properties) will adhere to the following defaults:

### AWS Lambda Functions
* Configure limited privilege access IAM role for Lambda functions.
* Enable reusing connections with Keep-Alive for NodeJs Lambda functions.
* Enable X-Ray Tracing
* Set Environment Variables
  * AWS_NODEJS_CONNECTION_REUSE_ENABLED (for Node 10.x and higher functions)

### Amazon SQS Queue
* Deploy a dead letter queue for the primary queue.
* Enable server-side encryption for the primary queue using an AWS Managed KMS Key.
* Enforce encryption of data in transit

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright 2021 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

feat(aws-lambda-*): add custom environment variable name (#141)
* feat(aws-lambda-*): add custom environment variable name

- added custom environment variable name to all aws-lambda patterns
- updated README
- enhanced unit test cases

* Updated .viperlightignore as lambda-step-function.test.ts changed

* update props description to make them more clear

source/patterns/@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-sqs-lambda/README.md, after:

# aws-lambda-sqs-lambda module
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![Stability: Experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Experimental-important.svg?style=for-the-badge)

> All classes are under active development and subject to non-backward compatible changes or removal in any
> future version. These are not subject to the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) model.
> This means that while you may use them, you may need to update your source code when upgrading to a newer version of this package.

---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

| **Reference Documentation**:| <span style="font-weight: normal">https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/constructs/</span>|
|:-------------|:-------------|
<div style="height:8px"></div>

| **Language**     | **Package**        |
|:-------------|-----------------|
|![Python Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/python32.png) Python|`aws_solutions_constructs.aws_lambda_sqs_lambda`|
|![Typescript Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/typescript32.png) Typescript|`@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-sqs-lambda`|
|![Java Logo](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/img/java32.png) Java|`software.amazon.awsconstructs.services.lambdasqslambda`|

This AWS Solutions Construct implements (1) an AWS Lambda function that is configured to send messages to a queue; (2) an Amazon SQS queue; and (3) an AWS Lambda function configured to consume messages from the queue.

Here is a minimal deployable pattern definition in Typescript:

``` typescript
import { LambdaToSqsToLambda, LambdaToSqsToLambdaProps } from "@aws-solutions-constructs/aws-lambda-sqs-lambda";

new LambdaToSqsToLambda(this, 'LambdaToSqsToLambdaPattern', {
    producerLambdaFunctionProps: {
        runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_12_X,
        handler: 'index.handler',
        code: lambda.Code.fromAsset(`${__dirname}/lambda/producer-function`)
    },
    consumerLambdaFunctionProps: {
      runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_12_X,
      handler: 'index.handler',
      code: lambda.Code.fromAsset(`${__dirname}/lambda/consumer-function`)
    }
});

```

## Initializer

``` text
new LambdaToSqsToLambda(scope: Construct, id: string, props: LambdaToSqsToLambdaProps);
```

_Parameters_

* scope [`Construct`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_core.Construct.html)
* id `string`
* props [`LambdaToSqsToLambdaProps`](#pattern-construct-props)

## Pattern Construct Props

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|existingProducerLambdaObj?|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|An optional, existing Lambda function to be used instead of the default function for sending messages to the queue. If an existing function is provided, the `producerLambdaFunctionProps` property will be ignored. |
|producerLambdaFunctionProps?|[`lambda.FunctionProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.FunctionProps.html)|Optional user-provided properties to override the default properties for the producer Lambda function. Ignored if an `existingProducerLambdaObj` is provided. |
|existingQueueObj?|[`sqs.Queue`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-sqs.Queue.html)|An optional, existing SQS queue to be used instead of the default queue. If an existing queue is provided, the `queueProps` property will be ignored.|
|queueProps?|[`sqs.QueueProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-sqs.QueueProps.html)|Optional user-provided properties to override the default properties for the SQS queue. Ignored if an `existingQueueObj` is provided. |
|deployDeadLetterQueue?|`boolean`|Whether to create a secondary queue to be used as a dead letter queue. Defaults to `true`.|
|deadLetterQueueProps?|[`sqs.QueueProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-sqs.QueueProps.html)|Optional user-provided props to override the default props for the dead letter queue. Only used if the `deployDeadLetterQueue` property is set to `true`.|
|maxReceiveCount?|`number`|The number of times a message can be unsuccessfully dequeued before being moved to the dead letter queue. Defaults to `15`.|
|existingConsumerLambdaObj?|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|An optional, existing Lambda function to be used instead of the default function for receiving/consuming messages from the queue. If an existing function is provided, the `consumerLambdaFunctionProps` property will be ignored. |
|consumerLambdaFunctionProps?|[`lambda.FunctionProps`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.FunctionProps.html)|Optional user-provided properties to override the default properties for the consumer Lambda function. Ignored if an `existingConsumerLambdaObj` is provided. |
|queueEnvironmentVariableName?|`string`|Optional Name for the SQS queue URL environment variable set for the producer Lambda function.|

## Pattern Properties

| **Name**     | **Type**        | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|-----------------|
|producerLambdaFunction|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|Returns an instance of the producer Lambda function created by the pattern.|
|sqsQueue|[`sqs.Queue`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-sqs.Queue.html)|Returns an instance of the SQS queue created by the pattern. |
|deadLetterQueue?|[`sqs.Queue | undefined`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-sqs.Queue.html)|Returns an instance of the dead letter queue created by the pattern, if one is deployed.|
|consumerLambdaFunction|[`lambda.Function`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-lambda.Function.html)|Returns an instance of the consumer Lambda function created by the pattern.|

## Default Settings

Out-of-the-box implementation of this Construct (without any overridden properties) will adhere to the following defaults:

### AWS Lambda Functions
* Configure limited privilege access IAM role for Lambda functions.
* Enable reusing connections with Keep-Alive for NodeJs Lambda functions.
* Enable X-Ray Tracing
* Set Environment Variables
  * AWS_NODEJS_CONNECTION_REUSE_ENABLED (for Node 10.x and higher functions)

### Amazon SQS Queue
* Deploy a dead letter queue for the primary queue.
* Enable server-side encryption for the primary queue using an AWS Managed KMS Key.
* Enforce encryption of data in transit

## Architecture
![Architecture Diagram](architecture.png)

***
&copy; Copyright 2021 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
